
test : A process for testing things
myspace whore : A person who consumes most of their time on the internet website myspace.com.  These people are often loved by their scene friends.  An addiction is often present in these people.
sabrina : a special crazy girl who is a brown haired fire ball who can be shy at times and is drop dead beautiful she is fun and can be a flirt but guys stare but cant get the guts to talk to her she loves music she has big brown eyes that sparkle when she talkes she has a odd but hot clothing style she is very unique and amazingly talented she dreams of being better which is hard to imagine for her she ...
penis : The tool used to wean and convert lesbians and virgins into useful, productive members of society.
asl : What stupid people say on chats to learn who you are and where you live so they can come to your house with a chainsaw and kill you.
youtube : YouTube is a website that allows users to upload and share videos worldwide. Launched in Febuary 2005 by three former members of paypal, YouTube has seen immense success, and as of March 2006 roughly 20,000 videos are uploaded daily.  -YouTube, "Broadcast Yourself."
colonthree : The word-version of :3  Or; how you say :3  It's a multifunctional, all-purpose smiley. Also the sort of face most rodents make.
colon three : Word version of the smiley :3 its pretty much a hamster face,sort of a butt mouth. You use the when your happy,blissful,peaceful,etc.
colon%20three : Word version of the smiley :3 its pretty much a hamster face,sort of a butt mouth. You use the when your happy,blissful,peaceful,etc.
kewkz : means gay
spiderbro : Spider that is your bro. Spider that brings bug count in house/room to near 0 Dies horrible death Never forget.
red : Flavor of kool-aid to a black person.
england : A member nation of the United Kingdom. It is part of an island nation in western Europe, which invented football (which we have mixed results in) Rugby (same again) and many other handy things.  Together with Scotish enlghtenment (mainly based in Edinburgh) Welsh raw materials, Irish manpower. The English played a huge part in turning Great Britain into the first truly industrialised nation....
slag : 1. An individual who cares not for relationships beyond the realm of the sexual, these people sleep with many partners not caring about anything save for the moment of climax.  2. Rubbish that is not worth the time or effort of paying attention to it, but none the less draws one in.  Used to describe unpleasent situations.  3. Physical trash, often scrap metals.  4. Drawn from frag, to sl...
moth : Forget man-eating spiders- moths are the pinnacle of evil scary bugs!  Just imagine a tiny butterfly capable of flying straight down your earhole and driving you crazy, except that moths aren't pretty lil' butterflies at all... they are ugly yet clever little turds who find their way into your room at night and fly around the lampshade, casting a huge shadow on the wall which looks like a deme...
meepsheep : Meepsheep is a sysop on Encyclopedia Dramatica. While he claims to be a troll, his constant time on Wikifur and Flayrah, and his animal avatar proves he is a closet-furry.
futuristic sex robotz : A.K.A. FSR Founded by Coaxke and PC Speaker during a Keystone Ice induced drunken haze in late 2004, Futuristic Sex Robotz is the one and only Gangster Nerd Rap group. Futuristic Sex Robotz dishes out the cold, hard truth with skill and creativity unlike anything the internet has seen before.  Available for download at no charge, "Hotel Coral Essex" is Futuristic Sex Robotz's full-length Gan...
fsr : FSR is the abbreviation for For Some Reason. It's fairly rare because everyone asks me what it means and I redirect them here.
wd-40 : The opposite of duct tape.  Like matter and anti-matter, these 2 must never be brought in contact or the universe will be destroyed.  WD Stands for Water Displacement and it took the developers 40 attempts to get a formula which worked. Convair, an aerospace contractor, first used WD-40 to protect the outer skin of the Atlas Missile from rust and corrosion.
corrosion : The name of a multiplayer map in Call of Duty: World at War. This map is medium sized, with many flank routes and tactical positions. Great for CQB and objective games.
games : The word shouted in response to someone calling shotgun in advance of a car ride.  If called within 3 seconds, "games" enables a best of 1 Rock,Paper,Scissors game which must be played on "match" (ie."Rock, Paper, Scissors, Match") - the winner of which obtains the front seat position. 
position : How you're having sex with your partner.
partner : Urban altern-a-chicks and Metrosexuals don't have boyfriends, girlfriends, significant others, husbands, wives, fuck-buddies, etc. They have 'Partners'.   A 'Partner' is very similar to a boyfriend or girlfriend, but is not a boyfriend or girl friend. If you call someone's 'Partner' a 'boyfriend' or a 'girlfriend', you will be corrected ("no, Callum is my 'Partner'...
（╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻ : Smiley of a person flipping a table over, usually used as a response to a challenge of some kind, or just generally in anger.
femanon : 1.) A word of 4chan origin referring to the hypothetical female members of "Anonymous" (or "Anon" for short) community (which is a contradiction because according to 4chan "there are no women on the internet") 2.) a demeaning word for feminists. Synonymous in usage to feminazi
wok : A bowl/cooking instrument used in the Chinese culture.
kow : To illegaly make money selling candy door to door. This process usually takes a ready speach for every door and a place your raising the money for. Example: "Hi we're doing a fundraiser for Antelope View School, would you like to support us and buy some candy"?
_ : An underscore. Quite often used in the making of usernames. Otherwise useless.
goober : basically a goober is just a kindhearted, rather oblivious goofball.  it's  term of endearment really.  it comes from the ancient scottish verb "to goub", which has to do with doing a dance and smiling sheepishly while doing so, exposing the goubs in one's teeth.
front butt : (noun) An enormous, fatty enlargment of the abdomen, genital, and thigh region that morphs together to create the appearance of a bulbous ass on a persons front.  Male sufferers of front butt syndrome often have dickdo disease, while female sufferers can be known to have a condition called a gunt.
nigger : A fully grown niglet
spook : A derrogatory slur for a person of African descent.  i.e: Nigger
coon : Insulting term for a black person
jigga boo : Human of African descent, having jig like qualities.  Slang racial derogatory term, i.e. jungle bunny, coon, spook.
kaffer : a racial slur in south africa for blacks, very derogatory.
porch monkey : A person who sits on the porch and watches the neighbors.   A small child that enjoys being on the porch.
runner : a particularly and extremely loose woman; a hoe; whore; harlot; a real nasty bitch thatll fuck just about anyone, anywhere, anyway. no matter the number. one after another, or all at the same time...
sed : Socially emotionally disturbed Seriously emotionally disturbed
bbw : A word that fat chicks use as a euphemism for fat.  These girls usually run personal ads calling themselves "pleasingly plump."  Sure, you're pleasingly plump if the South Pole is refreshingly chilly.
dirty sanchez : You guys are wrong, its when a man and a woman engage in anal sex, then the man takes his penis and rubs it on the girls upper lip leaving a moustache.
(>^_^)> : a hug=]
brandon : The most AMAZING person alive.
savetheinternet : A person who is a really bad IRC chatroom troll, and a fake jew. Usually found in ED chatrooms, pretending to be anon
derp : A simple, undefined reply when an ignorant comment or action is made. Brought to life in the South Park series, when Mr. Derp made a guest apperance at South Park Elementary as the chef for a day, followed by hitting himself in the head with a hammer and exclaiming "Derp!"
herp : A reptile or amphibian, derived from "herpetology."  As usual, complete idiots come on to Urban Dictionary and make misspell their STD's.
no u : The universal rebuttal to all arguments.
zionism : The mainly European political movement started by Austrian journalist Theodor Herzl (1860-1904) who concluded that the only way to end Jewish suffering was to create a home in Palestine (then with a population of about 500,000).  Lasting from the first Zionist congress in the Swiss city of Basle in 1879 to 1948 with the official creation of the state of Israel.  After covering the Dreyfus affai...
queermosexual : Pertaining to extreme cases of homosexuality and/or being queer. The sort of queerness that makes Sean Connery banging a room full of hookers look like Elton John and Dennis Rodman having sex.
malicious : Malicious is another word for bad. Usually used to describe a virus. See also: menacing
mischievous : Something people shouldn't be-yet they still are.  Can also be interpreted as something sexual or evil.
spam : spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam sp...
irc : Abbreviation for Internet Relay Chat. A multiplayer notepad.
oekaki : An online "board" where people can draw, via a java paint applet, pictures (usually in the style of anime) and can have comments posted by other users, so as to have their artwork thoughtfully critiqued. Fun to do if you go to a good board.
minecraft : A kick ass game that is being built slowly. The creator is notch, and he programs the game.
cigarsex : cigarsex is the process of adding cigars, monocles, top hats and other pieces of fanciness to images of people through means of mspaint. It started off as images of babies and has since matured to include any person. It is a meme that originated on encyclopediadramatica forums, aka EDF2: Electric Boogaloo.
tired : Getting run over by an automobile and having a large treadmark left across your body.
hackers : A group of people that:  a) Enter computer systems by means of hacking b) Chop wood
lush : one who becomes intoxicated after a few drinks and flirts with everyone
sharking : To pull a girl's panties down in public, usually when she's wearing a short skirt. Very popular in Japan.
s2r : "send 2 receive" It's used by people online who want to trade pictures of themselves with each other, to make it simple.
dildos : When something is bothersome, lame, or just simply sucks. Made famous by the character Skwisgaar Skwigelf from the show Metalocalypse.
deus ex : Best. Game. Ever.   Deus Ex absolutely rapes Counterstrike.
scat : sexual practices related to shit
rim job : An instance in which the tongue is rubbed in a circular motion around someone else's sphincter.
$ : Dollar sign.  Two or more of these together can either be a short way to talk about money over the internet, and can also be used to describe something that is really cool/great/elite etc.
# : an exclamation used to describe big boobs
poop : Bodily waste of varying color, viscosity, shape, odor and texture. Usually exits the body through your pooper, speed, noise and degree of pain may vary depending on what you ate. 
@ : A symbol standing for the word "at" that in turn symbolizes lazyness and stupidity. I mean, seriously, who sat down and thought up a symbol to shorten a two letter word? WHY? Your time could be better spent counting blades of grass in your front lawn. At least that might teach the retarded bastard to count! If you now anyone that abbreviates the word "at" as "@", cease all conversations with sa...
! : In the mathematical sense, it means factorial.  The definition of factorial is as follows:  n*(n-1)*(n-2)*(n-3)*(n-...), (n-1) &gt; 0.
^ : Sometimes used in forums or messageboards to refer to the post above.
& : an exclamation used to describe big boobs
* : The Universal Symbol Of The Catch.  Used extensively in web advertising, promotions, and spam. Placing the symbol after a statement is a legally permissible way to lie.
( : Left PARENTHESIS. The left bracket can be found by clicking the link below.
) : Smiley abbreviation, common in DotA map from Warcraft 3 TFT. Its the shortest form of a full :-) smiley, just showing the mouth. Together with the : after the name of the chatter it is an entire : ) smily, showing happyness. Not used in Text, the entire message just consists of a ). See also (
obama : The Messiah for brain-dead Democrats.
^_^ : The Asian variation of the classic smiley face. This is sometimes used in more cheerful situations. 
glomp : v, to glomp NOT sexual, it is the action of one person lovingly (and dramatically) attacking another with a hug. A glomp is often preadatory and lies somewhere in the grey area between a caring embrace, and a flying leap to tackle someone. The term is used extesively in anime culture, as well as online in text form (anime because many anime characters do this often, and on...
slog : This is a combination between a slut and a hog. It is commonly used to describe a promiscious woman who is quite overweight. Also used to describe any women who you dislike and want to offend. 
kroon : Slapping an individual with such force that they experience sudden death.
eshays : A word used constantly by lads in sydney who think their top shit. (1): It usually means good or cool.(2) Is also used to mean run, usually when someone see's them writing up one will shout eshays and they will all piss bolt. The word Illchays (as in chill) is also used  but when someone is coming but hasnt seen them yet, so they dont need to run but just stop their homo activities
blue balls : the excrutiating pain a man receives when his balls swell to the size of coconuts because of lack of sex, unfinished bjs, and just not cummin when he knows he should.  Cure: JUST WACK IT MAN!! or get your woman to help you out and do the job right. It's that simple to make the horrible pain go away.
aslol : A mocking term often used by the more elite people on the internet. This term insults newbie users who constantly spam chatrooms with "Hi. ASL?" age/sex/location. These type of people usually use AOL, and are far from intelligent.
hork : 1. v to quickly eat.  2. v to vomit or belch in a manner like that of vomiting.  3. n vomit  4. v to steal or pilfer, usually pertaining to items of little value.  5. v screw up, make dysfunctional  6. v to sell (a bastardization of *hawk*)  6. v do (can mean essentially anything)
h : A slang term for heroin. Other terms that mean the same include Horse, Smack, Junk, Skunk, Mud, etc.  
rude : Def 1: dragging a mat over somone, Def 2: stepping on somone while they're doing the splits.
snu snu : Endless sex forced on a man by a variety of women usually resulting in the death of the man. From Futurama episode in which the main characters are condemned to "Death by Snu-snu!" by a alien matriarchal society, ignorant of the earthling male's view of this as a most fitting death.
ftfy : FTFYFixed That For You
turpentine : A thin volatile essential oil, C10H16, obtained by steam distillation or other means from the wood or exudate of certain pine trees and used as a paint thinner, solvent, and medicinally as a liniment.   The sticky mixture of resin and volatile oil from which turpentine is distilled.   A brownish-yellow resinous liquid obtained from the terebinth. 
i : A letter Apple really seems to enjoy putting in front of every single product they sell.
apple : The alternative to the orange.
orange : The colour which vain assholes turn after a session in the tanning salon; Often confused with Hepatitis.
zero : 1. The number 0, nothing.  2. The name of a Japanese Kamikaze Aeroplane.   3.One of the cool names people love to use.  4.Zackenberg Ecological Research Operations   5.Zoning and Emotional Range Omitted (anime)   6.Name of an A-class (now S) Maverick Hunter and X's best friend in the Megaman/Rockman X series. He also features in his own series, Megaman Zero. He have several names give...
jews : The only people in the world that are simultaneously hated by both the extreme Left and the extreme Right.  Synonym: scapegoat
magic : A name for Magic the Gathering card game.
misandry : A term created by a group of straight white men who habitually confuse their "brain" with their anus. These men's rumination are usually too moronic for anyone without brain damage. They use this word to refer to what they perceive as "hatred of men" by the government, the media, and society at large. What these white men conveniently ignore is the fact that the government, the media, society, ...
mime : Originating in ancient Greece, mimes (or pantomimes) are people who act out a story by moving their body. This is done without the use of speech, so in a way, it is similar to interpretive dance. Some popular miming actions are rope-climbing, "trapped in the box", the invisible wall, and leaning on air.
4chon : An internet hate machine that you aren't allowed to talk about.
f5 : to look at something obsessively and repeatedly in order to see if its status as changed, or to check constantly on something to try to make its status change. from the practice of hitting the F5 key repeatedly to refresh a messageboard thread while waiting for somebody to post.
function : a party up in da hood
mr. clean : A sex move where the man rubs peroxide instead of lube on the condom and penetrates his partner's anal in attempt to clean and purify the impurities of the anal.
diamonds : Very expensive carbon. Often used in rings, but also used in drills and other things.
anonymous : We are Anonymous, and we do not forgive. Forgiveness requires humility, humility requires dignity. We have neither.  We are void of human restraints, such as self respect and common sense.  All those who break this pact will be eliminated without hesitation. And by elimination we will put their name on an icky photo and shit in each others' mouths.  Those who perform reckless actions or w...
racism : Pure Bullshit.
nazis : German political party during World war 2. Lead by Adolf Hitler, Tried to take over Europe
bullshit : A blatant lie, a fragrant untruth, an obvious falicy.  Or, the excriment of cattle.
stormfront : A website that promotes "white pride". Basically, a bunch of complainers who think that the world is against them and that they can't express this aforementioned "white pride" but that all other races can. In fact, if they took the time to talk to normal black/asian/hispanic people, they'd probably realize that these people don't mind them expressing ethnic pride, but instead these "white natio...
black power : the act of using black people as a power source for something, usually gang violence, drug pushing, or plantations.
stormtrooper : 1) A soldier from Star Wars. This type of soldier wore white armor vaguely reminiscent of the human skeleton. The Stormtroopers had many different versions of armor, ranging from forest troopers to desert troopers. The Stormtroopers were commanded by the evil Empire.  It is rumored that all Stormtroopers are clones, remnants of the great Clone Wars.  2) Stormtroopers are considered, ...
holocaust denial : A thing Neo-Nazis,Anti -Semites, Gay Haters, and gypsy haters do. In a attempt to trivalize the holocaust.
the presets : awesome aussie band, hard to define but perhaps this will suffice: electro, pop, rock, alternative, indie, dance
holohoax : Within five minutes, any intelligent, open-minded person can be convinced that the Holocaust gassings of World War II are a profitable hoax, hence holohoax. 
icp : icp is short for Insane Clown Posse  They are a rap duo from Detroit ( whos stage names are Violent-J and Shaggy-2-Dope ), who have made themselves infamous for a number of reasons  1) thier striking appearance 2) thier fanbase 3) thier wigger-ness  lets look at these reasons in detail.  1) The icp wear face paint, a base coating of pure white all over thier faces, and then their resp...
pokemon : A disease that started in Tokyo.  It first infected Gameboys in Japan in 1995.  Then in 1998 the disease infected Gameboys in America.  Soon channel WB11 was infected too, and now Cartoon Network.  The ever-so-popular "Gameboy Advance" systems got infected in 2002, and still is.  In 1999 the disease started spreading via cardboard aka "Pokemon Trading Card Game".  "Nintendo 64" and "Nintendo Ga...
america : A country that claims the name of an entire continent to itself alone for no compelling reason.
vitamin string quartet : An alternating group of strings musicians from Los Angeles. VSQ makes tribute albums to all kinds of musicians with strings versions of many songs, such as Coldplay's Clocks and Paramore's Hallelujah. Produced by Vitamin Records.
tea party : (n.) 1. A disillusioned group of U.S. citizens that blindly oppose whatever legislative and/or government policy they perceive as being leftist, but said legislation/policy is actually in their own best interest.  2. Unknowing puppets of capitalist corporations and their congressional silent partners used to derail any progressive movement in the US government and/or society.  3.
zinc : what happens when you can't zwim.
dicks : like to fuck. they fuck pussies, but sometimes they fuck assholes too.
kimchi ^__^ : A tripfag from 4chan, with no life. Your typical Korreaboo.
ferris wheel : Similar to the raging jot. The ferris wheel is performed by two males on a females. Both holes are filled and the woman begins to spin. Expect vomiting.
tim mcgraw : the sexiest country singer alive
nop : Another way of saying "NO". It is just used alone, when replying to someone. Commonly used in instant messengers.  Its "o" is pronounced like in "go"
ofc : Used in instant messaging to represent 'Of course'
iirc : abbv for If I Recall Correctly
sudo : A Linux/UNIX command (short for SuperUser DO) allowing a user to execute a command that normally only the superuser (root) can perform.
echo : The highest compliment a mother can give her daughter is to name her Echo.
winblows : A play on words. Used by people who don't like the Windows operating sysytem.
gonzo journalism : A form of journalism innovated by the great Hunter S. Thompson based on William Faulkner's belief that "The best kind of fiction is truer than any kind of journalism." It was Dr. Hunter S. Thompson's way of writing neither fiction or nonfiction, but a weird category in between the two, to show that "fiction" and "journalism" are only artificial categories and that they are both means to get to ...
potato : White people living or travelling in South East Asia.  White ex-pats are often seen as fat, white and inert. Common variants are "fat potato", "stupid potato", "dirty potato" and so on.  Potato was first coined in 2008 by ex-pats living in Vietnam. It was first reference in the Vietnam Times in January 2009, and spread quite quickly throughout Vietnam and is currently becoming pervasive in majo...
orea : a female oreo; typically with black and white 
mpaa : Motion Picture Assosciation of America. An organization that believes it can universalize standards of morality and appropriateness in the social production of film, claiming, of course to have the best interests of the youth of America in mind. Thus it exists in place of parents, rendering the NC-17 rating useless (due to assosciations with porn) but hypocritically using the R rating as a junk...
urban dictionary : A place formerly used to find out about slang, and now a place that teens with no life use as a burn book to whine about celebrities, their friends, etc., let out their sexual frustrations, show off their racist/sexist/homophobic/anti-(insert religion here) opinions, troll, and babble about things they know nothing about.
twilight : A book series written by Stephenie Meyer that's captured that heart of gazillions of teenaged girls around the world. It's centered around the romance between Isabella Swan (Bella), the awkward new girl in school, and Edward Cullen, a gorgeous vampire she meets. Although the book is pretty addicting, it has to be the worse book i've ever read in terms of originality, clichés, plot, and writing....
oven : a woman's equivalent of an XBOX 360.
job : Means by which at least 30% of your life is stolen from you to enrich the owners of a company making useless shit that some other poor idiot in a job will buy.
mexican : Someone hailing or claiming ancestry from Mexico.
illegal immigrant : A low life scum sucking person who violates our border by sneaking across or overstaying an expired visa. They are tax burdens upon those of us who work and are willing to obey the laws of this country. They have no respect for our nations laws and customs and therefore are deserving of nothing in return from this country other than a swift kick in the ass as we send them packing to wherever th...
second amendment : Anyone that thinks that gun control will help stop crime needs to get the facts straight.  1. When they banned all guns in the UK, crime went up several hundred percent.  2. Currently only law-abiding citizens are allowed to have guns, not the criminals that use them for their heinous acts.  4. It would be impossible to take away all the illegallly made and smuggled guns that the real cri...
first amendment : Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances.
israel : a country the size of your fingernail that gets 10% of all international media coverage and has more trouble than half the rest of the world. 
kike : A racist name for a Jewish person.
stein : A extreme player. Has sex with the hottest ladies, all the time. Is so unbelieveably sexy, smooth, and cut. His muscles are extremely big and he is amazing. Undescriable in one word.
vladimir putin : a former kgb member who is credited with bringing russia out of the soviet union. Apparently skilled in judo, sharpshooting, military commanding, singing, Modern Warfare, swimming, and invading Georgia, he is considered to be a prime candidate for the worlds most badass.
barack obama : barack Hussein oBAMa was born in Coast Province General Hospital, Mombasa, Kenya, Africa (ONLY CERTIFIED Copy of oBAMa's birth Certificate), with Hospital Embossed Seal (Raised), Sworn Affidavits! Certificate #32018, stamped Administrators name: Helton Maganga, Biometric Identification, with Witness's names (to include his Grandmother, the Ambassador, other Officials of Kenya, and his close rel...
bilderberg : The most Rich &amp; Powerful in the world, The New World Order (NWO)/Bilderberg group is actively bankrupting nations, so when we, the little people, are desperate, the NWO can get the land and resources at fire sale price (Agenda 21); then they may price gauging on the human basic necessity needs: food, water, fuel, and energy.
obongo : A play on Barack Hussein Obama II's last name, citing his roots as a typical Apefrican, bongo beating, bush monkey. Best used when around those who may have a heart attack from hearing the "O" word too many times.
cracker : Originally the white slave driver because he would "crack" the whip, hence the noun cracker.
keegan : word to describe how uterly awsome, cool, sexy and handsome someone is.  (the best at everything.)  (the coolest person ever to be on this planet.)  (sexies person alive.)  (to handsome for there own good)  
dava : The coolest person you'll never meet. You wish you could meet them, but sadly, there's few to go around. Also called: Awesomeness Personified An awesome girlfriend as well it you're lucky enough to find one.
honorificabilitudinitatibus : honorableness  Used by Shakespeare in Love's Labor's Lost (Costartd; Act V Scene I)
antidisestablishmentarianism : Opposition to the disestablishment of a state religion (i.e., favoring the continued state support of a particular creed), esp.in regard to debates concerning the Church of England in the 19th century.
supercalifragilisticexpialidocious : adj. A word from the Disney film production of the book Mary Poppins describing any quality that is so indescribable that you have no real word to say it with
pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis : 1. A disease gotten from inhalation of diminative particles of silica or quartz. Pneumono - Lung Ultra Microscopic - Very small/fine silico volcano - igneous, silica coniosis - disease ; Black Lung
conspiracy : Every major event since the beginning of time.
getting weird : The act of getting intoxicated.
new jersey : NJ is summed up in this quote.  "I am from NJ. I curse... a lot. I say "yo", and I say it often. I never had school on Rosh Hashanah or Yom Kippur. I sure as hell don't pump my own gas. I know what real pizza tastes like, and I know that a bagel is much more than a fuckin' roll with a hole in the middle. I judge people by what exit they get off the parkway. I can navigate a circle--with attit...
ss : abreviation for "Schutzstaffel". Schutz meaing "Defense" in German, and Staffel meaning "Echelon" in German. The Schutzstaffel was an elite quasi-military unit of the Nazi party that served as Hitler's personal guard and as a special security force in Germany and the occupied countries.
confidential : Fuel for Gossip
g6 : G6 / G650.  Slang for the Gulfstream G650, a twin-engine jet airplane manufactured by Gulfstream Aerospace.  The estimated pricetag exceeds $58 million USD, and will be assembled in Gulfstream's new manufacturing facility in Savannah, Georgia. Gulfstream begins taking orders for the aircraft in April, 2010, with delivery beginning in 2012.
slizzard : A "dirty south" term for intoxicated
shoot the five : The act of initiating a fight or fisticuffs. 
yayo : cocaine
slammin : 1.  adj. Something which is very good. 2.  vt.  to inject a drug intravenously
mo : stands for modus operandi which translates as method of operation
jocking : to engage in flirtatious behavior with another; to crush on someone; to hit on someone
modus operandi : A Latin expression, it basically means a style or way of working. May also be meant as having a certain routine in some cases. "Method of operation."
ish : 1. Slang term often used to replace "shit."  Derived from the process of editing the vocals of rap-songs by revershing the curse words so said song could be played on radio or television. 
flossin : showing off an object in which usually posesses great value
boner : an erect blood filled penis.  brought on my sexual arousion.  the average male gets 3 a night while your sleeping.  also known as erection, stiffy, chubby, hard on
hokum : (n.) 1. Something apparently impressive or legitimate but actually untrue or insincere; nonsense. 2. A stock technique for eliciting a desired response from an audience.   (n.) The cum of a ho. 
hundee : Has several meanings such as kool, sic, tyte, good, great, awesome, amazing and can be used when describing a person or thing.
kyle : Kyle: A generous, outgoing guy who goes out of his way for his friends. Can be sweet and caring towards people, he has a laid back and calm approach. Truthful, gullable, lovely and Sexy. Can be a bit of a stress head at times, can also hold grudges for a long period of time. Nice to get to know, easy to fall in love with.  -The name Kyle comes from the Scottish ori...
autismal : When someone's anger reaches autistic levels. Usually reserved for situations where someone is getting irrationally angry over something that really isn't a big deal.
sti : Subaru Technica International  aka mustang killer
johnny law : on officer of the law, aslo see pig, 5-0, and other shit like that
nab jones :  An officer of the law, policeman.
five finger discount : Stealing.
og : Original gangster
shocker : The act of inserting 2 fingers into the vaginal opening (normally the index and middle fingers), and 1 into the anus (normally the "pinky" finger).  This is usually performed when she is laying back, in the "deep thrust" postion (see "deep thrust" for more hardcore info).  Commonly described a numerous number of ways, e. g.  2 in the pink, 1 in the stink;  two in the grass one in the ass;  two ...
charizard : While having sex with a girl with pubic hair, light her pubes on fire as you ejaculate.  Your semen will put out half of the burning hair, and afterwards while she is flapping her arms about wildly, scream: "YOU DON'T HAVE ENOUGH BADGES TO TRAIN ME!" and run out of the room.
beast : UK Slang- a person who is very good at something
pinky : the littlest finger on your hand.
little debbie : A brand of junk food, usually small cakes.
jinx : A superstitious term meaning to give something bad luck or misfourtune
key lime pie : Refers to the ovaries or vaginal passage. Usually smells like moldy limes.  An offensive term.
lean pocket : The vagina of a bulimic or anorexic woman.
blackhole : A single point of infinite density and mass. Blackholes mass is so great that nothing can escape it's gravitational pull, not even light. Blackholes are supposedly a reality but there is no way (currently) to prove that they are what they are. Blackholes are created by a star or planet of great mass exploding and then collapsing in on itself creating a gravitational pull that just pulls everyt...
grumpy : slang term for the act of defocating.
bundle : 10 bags of heroin
trombone : The best low brass instrument in existance!    trombones rock
trumpet : 1. The greatest musical instrument of classical and jazz music. 2. An instrument that gets all the solos.
polo : A collared shirt with a polo horse on it.  A timeless shirt that retails around $65.  Haters just can't afford them and thats a shame, maybe instead of bitching about the cost they could just buy one at an outlet store or a consignment shop.  Although they do cost alot of money they have been in style for 25 years at least and have another 25 years to go, so the shirts are a good investment as ...
statistics : statistics is a branch of science which deals with data collection,presentstion,analysis, and drawing conclusion for any problem under study.
ud : (V):  To Urban Dictionary.  Meaning to coin a word or phrase to describe something, someone, or some situation and to post such on UrbanDictionary.com.
nigger dick : Nigger Dick is used in replacement for "Fuck", or "Shit". Its more creative and will get a laugh due to its randomness. Because when you think of Nigger Dick, you picture a big, black hairy Penis.   By the way, don't say it in front of a African American person...unless they know the just, they are from the Bahamas or you REALLY wanna get your ass kicked...
hippo : See Rosie O'Donnell
sinatra : Male singer, born in Hoboken and a famous philosopher
echo chamber : A person who totally, obsequiously agrees with everything another person says.
bang : 1) To have sex with someone. 2) A loud noise. Do not get the two confused.
rope : a long stream of cum
noose : A rope used to hang yourself with.
porkloaf : A very sloppy pussy that you can fit your head it and more. **See LP**
moot : Owner of the first english chan website, 4chan.
yuri : 1. Explicit lesbian relationships in anime or manga 2.To be the first to do something. Derived from Yuri Gagarin, first human in space. 
incognito : To conceal one's identity.
dub step : Dubstep is a genre of electronic dance music that originated in south London, United Kingdom. Its overall sound has been described as "tightly coiled productions with overwhelming bass lines and reverberant drum patterns, clipped samples, and occasional vocals"  Look up bassnectar, skrillex for examples of dubstep
deadmau5 : Deadmau5 (pronounced "Dead mouse"; born Joel Zimmerman)- a Grammy nominated progressive-house and electro-house producer, DJ, and remixer from Toronto, Canada.
std : STD - stands for Sexualy Transmited Disease. The most commonly known is HIV/AIDS. To say the least you don't want an STD.
marilyn monroe : JFK would have been a fool not to hit that.
picasso : During oral sex given by a woman to a man. At the moment of climax, the man pulls his penis from his partners mouth and, using his penis like a paintbrush, expresses himself all over the woman's face.
humerous : Misspelling of the word "humorous" (USA) or "Humourous" (UK).
encyclopedia dramatica : Where facts die, and stereotypes lie.
niggers1 : niggers1 was the root password for the Encyclopedia Dramatica forums that were hacked by savetheinternet after Ryan Cleary DDoSed Dreamhost and got the shitty site 4chon.net kicked off.
malaysia : The country where education is very highly politicised.Also a country where Malays are literaly spoonfed from their moment of their birth up to their deaths.Even if you are the no.1 student in Malaysia,you won't get a place in a public university of your choice if you are not a Malay.A Malay can beat you to the seat even if he's a freakin' retard.That is guaranteed. Friendly?Yes.Non-racist?Not...
new : someone who is clueless
thumb : One of your five fingers.  That's right!  It's a FINGER.  The thumb is a finger, so fuck you assholes who say you have four fingers and a thumb!
r9k : An image board on 4chan created as an experiment in original content. Devolved into emo bullshit and was axed in January of 2011. Has since been resurrected on other sites, most successfully on 4chon.net
n : Arguably the best free Flash game ever created.  The game is a platformer by genre, with a few puzzle elements that come from the stunts you must pull involving jumps.  N stands for Ninja, as you play a small stick figure ninja who is capable of running at very high speed, wall jumping, and jumping very long distances.  The game has staying power due to the users' ability to make their own maps...
pol : bastardized pronunciation of the russian word for sex.
johnson : Slang for penis.  Meet the SLANG NAME Johnson family.  These names have NO reference to actual persons who may have these names.  Anita Johnson = "I need a johnson", ie, a woman who needs to get laid really bad.  Annie Johnson = "Any Johnson" = I'll take any johnson I can get.  Emma Johnson = "I'm a johnson" = a "woman" who is REALLY a man.  Harry Johnson = "hairy johnson" = a guy who d...
rubik's cube : 1) A puzzle invented by Hungarian professor Erno Rubik that swept the world by storm in the early 1980s and continues to carry a steady following.
holocaust : something that did happen, but 11 million people were killed, everyone hears about the 7 million Jews who died, but no one even cares about the 5 million peasants, christians, Roman Catholics, and others who were killed
jew : 1. Someone who practices Judaism.  2. Derogatory term for someone tight with their money or someone not very generous.
god : A guy who talked to some Jewish guys, some Christian guys, and some Islam guys, and accidentaly caused more people to die than anyone else in human history.
bible : An ancient novel full of murder, corruption, homosexuality, bestiality, incest and cruelty.  It is often read to children on Sunday.
gay : 1. jovial or happy, good-spirited  2. a homosexual male or female  3. often used to describe something stupid or unfortunate. originating from homophobia. quite preferable among many teenage males in order to buff up their "masculinity"
dyke : A word used to refer to Lesbians. Originally meant to be a slur, it has been "reclaimed" by many Lesbians who might use it to identify themselves of other Lesbians. It is considered rude to use the word "Dyke" unless you self-identify as one.  A type of water-stopping dam.
hummingbird : Shiny, tiny little birds that occasionally hurl themselves into garages and die for some reason. They exist entirely on sugar and drink about half thier weight every day-jesus Christ, no wonder they're so hyper.
marble : Auto racing term for a ball of rubber on the track that has come off of a tire. Usually used in the plural. Multiple marbles take over entire racing lanes on the outside of normal racing grooves or lanes. Marbles decrease grip, causing cars to crash in corners. Drivers compare driving on marbles to driving on ice.
moses : A real cool guy.  Duped the Egyptians into thinking he was royalty, then ran away after killing one of them.  Famous quote: "Let my people go!"  Moses' people were the enslaved Israelites.  Together they crossed the Red Sea using the Force, but the Egyptians were dumbasses and could neither use the Force nor swim worth a damn.  Moses would be a saint if he had been in the New Testament, but ins...
messiah : Jesus of Nazareth, the King of the Jews
hacking : Hacking is the gaining of access(wanted or unwanted) to a computer and viewing, copying, or creating data(leaving a trace) without the intention of destroying data or maliciously harming the computer.  This represents the Good Guys most of the time for they are the ones who search for these exploits to prevent crackers use a method called cracking(opposite of hacking).  Hacking and hackers ...
ishygddt : I seriously hope you guys don't do this. Mainly used on 4chan to express that something you have said/done is wrong.
stigmatophilia : Sexual arousal associated with piercings and tattoos
mango : A large yellowish-red FRUIT.
avocado : My boyfriend, also known as: 3rd cousin twice removed from the duke of turkey&amp;cheese the brother of the royal cook and dethroned princess
angry pirate : when a woman is giving a man head, he pulls out, and nuts in her eye. Upon doing this, she will let out some sort of grunt of disapproval, and at this point he kicks her in the shin. This poor girl, being pissed and hurt, will hobble after your laughing ass.
abe lincoln : When an unconscious person gets jizzed on their face, gets their pubes cut and applied to their face to form a beard, then adorned with a top hat.
the cake is a lie : Roughly translates to "your promised reward is merely a fictitious motivator".  Popularized by the game "Portal" (found on Half-Life 2's "Orange Box" game release for PC, X-Box 360, and PS3).  During the game, an electronic voice encourages you to solve intricate puzzles using cake as a motivating perk.  When you have "broken out" of the game's initial testi...
white dragon : Post coitus, a man ejaculates into their partner's mouth and then proceeds to tickle their partner to cause them to laugh forcing the ejaculate through their nasal cavities and shoot out of their nose, thus creating white whiskers resembling that of a dragon's.
taint : The area between the nutsack and asshole that prevent a man from shitting on his nuts.  See durf.
peruvian : 1. A pretty girl, or handsome guy that comes from South America (many dont know peru is not part of mexico!) Tan, Not very  tall, cool, loud, outgoing, crazy, partier!!!  2.If you date a Peruvian, then you are in for the ride of your life! Also, if you are partying with them, you are definitely in for a good time 3. Very intelligent people who will not hesitate to correct you if you are wrong.
pony : Twenty five pounds. Usually used in london.
ride : 1. A vehicle or mode of transportation. Usually belongs to someone else. 2. A sexual position when the female is on top and the male is prone on his back. 3. A sexually desirable male from a female point of view.
basket : 1.  A reference to the outline of the male genital area as viewed through pants/swimsuit/undergarment.  See also package.  Term often used by gay men in assessing the potential size of a potential suitor.
chair : (N) A raised platform on one would sit to keep one's self off the dirt which is on the ground. Chairs, the plural of chair, can be padded to maximize the comfortility of one's sitting session.
pencil sharpener : finding a female (preferably in need of orthodontic care) and shortly after placing your man hammer between the gaping hole in her front teeth, then spinning her counterclockwise in an attempt to remove any foreskin on your erect member.
clock : 1) To regard an act or object. 2) The act of hitting a person. 3) A gauge, such as a speedometer. 4) To gauge, to estimate, to time.
thorn : A curse which makes the bearer invincible, but also forces him/her to kill his/her immediate family. Every once in a while on Halloween (and only Halloween), the Thorn constellation appears in the sky, signalling the followers of Thorn to curse a new person. When done, prosperity falls on the whole tribe. Michael Myers is currently cursed with Thorn, and Terence Wynn (who is currently mi...
norway : Not to be confused with Sweden. Despite having very cold winters, is the best place in the world. If you aren't there right now, go there. A country that nobody hates. The women are hot, but not sluts.   Possibly the only way to improve Norway would be to make a couple of bigger cities. Oslo is the biggest city, though isn't really that big at all. If you want a modest town that reflec...
batman : Bruce Wayne.
game : 1) (n) something you play, usually a competitive activity 2) (v) to play a game (see def. 1) 3) (n) an animal that is hunted 4) (n) skill or ability in any game (see def. 1) 5) (int) short for "Game over!" 6) (n) a measure of smoothness with the opposite sex 7) (n) lines or moves you use to get the opposite sex into bed 8) (adv) a state of being willing to do something 9) (n) that thing...
soup : A wordfilter on 4chan's /b/ board, literally a translation of "sup".
black friday : The day after Thanksgiving, when stores decide to open at the asscrack of dawn to start Christmas sales. Most people fall for this ploy and wake up at 4am to fight other mothers for cheap presents.
pylon : A building from the game starcraft, used by the protoss race.  There can never be too many of this building, and they are required to build units.  Additionally, these units provide the psionic matrix for warping in buildings.
miso : The acronym standing for "my internet shut off!". Used in an intense instant-messaging conversation that ended abruptly.  Pronounced mee-soh, as in the traditional Japanese soup served with tofu.
dsl : this means dick sucking lips
hoagie : Philadelphian word for a sub sandwhich. Word likely has its origins from "Hog Island", which was an island intersecting the Delaware and Schuylkyl Rivers. The Irish and Italian people who lived there during the early 20th century where known as "Hog Islanders." In addition, they referred to one another many times as "Hogans" during their lunchbreaks. Eventually, the unique sandwhiches th...
fem : The feminine one in a lesbian relationship.You usual cant tell she is gay unless she wears some type of rainbow.She usual dates butchdykestud
farmer's tan : A tan where the tan lines are obviously caused by wearing normal clothes outside in the sun for long periods of time, instead of wearing swimwear or more suitable clothes for tanning.
toad : (N.) The guardian/assistant of Peach Toadstool, the Princess of the Mushroom Kingdom. About 2'6", and 50 lbs. He's a member of his race called the "Toads," who are elfish-like people with Mushroom heads ( or maybe they're hats. I dunno. )   His name is kind of like how "Guy" or "Man" is a name to us, even though it's what we are. His age is very indetermined, much like Santa's Elves. He could...
knob : Knob <n> 1) The penis 2) An obnoxious person  To Knob <v> 3) The act of (hard) intercourse  See also knob-head
knob-head : <noun> British offensive slang term used as a variant of "Dick head" to describe an obnoxious person or someone who has acted in a peculiar and/or ludicrous manner.
penis cranium : A dick head. Used as an insult.
bisexual : The ability to reach down someone's pants and be satisfied with whatever you find.
dtf : Abbreviation for "down to fuck"
jello : the sexiest food alive
marina : the coolest person in the world just because thats how it is.
linux : If Operating Systems Ran The Airlines...   UNIX Airways   Everyone brings one piece of the plane along when they come to the airport. They all go out on the runway and put the plane together piece by piece, arguing non-stop about what kind of plane they are supposed to be building.  Air DOS   Everybody pushes the airplane until it glides, then they jump on and let the plane coast until ...
rusty venture : A specific sexual act, possibly created by Colonel Horace Gentleman and Tennessee Williams back in P-Town. The exact details of what constitutes a "Rusty Venture" are in question, but here are several possible answers:  *Note* Most of the descriptions listed are gay sexual acts.  1. When you jerk off so much your dick gets all red and sore. - Brock's description (and widely believed to be the r...
hooptie : Any car that meets the following:  a) driver must enter car through passenger side  b) three different brand and size tires - 3 of them missing hubcap  c) exhaust is held up by half a clothes hanger - other half replaces the antenna  d) backfires every three blocks - loudest backfire being when car is turned off  e) must open door at drive-threws as windows don't roll down  f) you only get one ...
pimps prayer : The prayer you say when your ho is acting out.
lawyer : Someone who studies or practises Law, usually a member of the legal prfession as either a solicitor or barrister. very often the better lawyers are involved in fighting for Human Rights and Civil Liberties in courts and the academic kind often researches to find out what effects laws are having on real people.   Often insulted by people who don't know how hard work it is and how much the auth...
socks : something used as a semen catcher for horny little boys who don't want to clean up after they jerk it.  Something hicks with mullets use for birth control. 
cock docking : It is when two men are having sex and one inserts his penis into the other's foreskin rubbing it until he cums.
zog : A White Nationalist acronym meaning "Zionist Occupied Government". 
muh dik : The most important possession a nigger buck has. Used to rape white wimminz, spread venereal diseases, and create new shitlets for welfare mammies. A condom is never used on this device.
nigga : Nigga is a word which evolved from the derogative term "nigger". Tupac best defined the distinction between the two.  NIGGER- a black man with a slavery chain around his neck.   NIGGA- a black man with a gold chain on his neck.
hm : 1) a random boredom word 2) something you say while thinking 3) a gorgeous female of great power 
skyrim : The 5th chapter of the Elder Scrolls series, release date of 11.11.11. All other developers should just take a break for 2011 because everyone will be too busy saving money and nerdgasming to worry about any other game.  I have seen the gates of 2011, beyond which no waking eye may see... behold, in November, a GOTY sweeps the land...
oblivion : The fourth game in the Elder Scrolls series, and arguably the best game in the history of mankind.  By purchasing this game, you have sold your soul to Bethesda Softworks--which is a pretty even trade-off, actually.  Once you start this game--assuming your computer/Xbox 360 doesn't burst into flames of righteous fury due to it's lack of uberness-- you will not be seeing the sun for a while.  ...
swag : apperance ,style ,or the way he or she presents them selves.
faggot : In these times not really used if somebody is really a homosexual mostly used insteap of calling somebody stupid or a loser.
4chan : you have just entered the very heart, soul, and life force of the internet. this is a place beyond sanity, wild and untamed. there is nothing new here. "new" content on 4chan is not found; it is created from old material. every interesting, offensive, shocking, or debate inspiring topic youve seen elsewhere has been posted here ad infinitum. we are the reason for "not safe...
build : 8 in Supreme Mathematics  to elevate the mentality of self, and others around the self
ponyfag : Anyone who watches My Little Pony.
singularity : A point in time at which, theoretically, technological progress accelerates exponentially, such that nothing taking place follwing said point can be predicted.
kde : Acronym for "The K Desktop Environment"  Kde is a desktop enviroment for the X11 system, commonly used by Linux with XFree86 and xorg. Commonly used.  Matthias Ettrich started KDE in 1996. It uses the Qt graphic library. Based on "look and feel" and features. KDE is extremely powerful for experts and easy to use for beginners at X.  Has a whole stash of software. Such as KOffice, Kmail, k...
nethack : I)A highly detailed roguelike game with an almost infinite replayability factor, usually played by intelligent people(because morons would turn it down because of it's bad grafiks).  I)The best game ever made.
ice cream paint job : Lyrics in a song that white people love, but have no idea what it means.
ice cream paintjob : Cream on the inside; clean on the outside.
gerontophilia : A sexual attraction to old people. From Greek "geronto" meaning old and "philia" meaning attraction.
pan : Pan is the son of Hermes (Mercury).
db cooper : codename for someone who's a douche bag. hence db. cooper is just there to help cover it up.
d.b. cooper : The original jumping skyjacker, Cooper boarded a Northwest Orient flight in Portland, Oregon on 24 November 1971 -- the eve of Thanksgiving. Once aloft he threatened to blow up the plane and demanded $1,000,000 and two parachutes. After the plane landed at Seattle-Tacoma Airport and his demands were met, Cooper ordered the 727 to take off and head for Mexico. He jumped from the rear of the plan...
ron paul : Sitting Texas Congressman and one time Libertarian Party presidential candidate. The only honest man left in Washington.
kimchi : noun, uncountable 1) a Korean hot-tasting dish made of pickled Chinese cabbage and other vegetables  noun, uncountable 2) Unsolicited Commercial/Political etc Messages  noun, countable 3) someone who shadows a person over a period of time in a very annoying or threatening way
fick : German translation for "fuck"
itc : Acronym for "in this channel." Used in Internet Relay Chatrooms to refer to the channel.
fail : either an interjection used when one disapproves of something, or a verb meaning approximately the same thing as the slang form of suck.
dune coon : sand nigger, a derogative term used to describe any one of brownish tan skin and of arabic descent
abbv : Short for abbreviation
rofl : ROFL is an internet accronmym for Rolling On Floor Laughing, and like all things internet it has adapted to nerd culture and has taken on new real-life use, though usually in a satirical way.  ROFL can be merged with other accronyms to created super l33t acronyms that "r0x0r y0ur b0x0rs" per se. Some examples of the merged accronyms are as follows:  ROFLAARP: Rolling On Floor...
robert langdon : main character of the books "The DaVinci Code," "Angels and Demons," and "The Lost Symbol" all by Dan Brown
stal : I am Sir Tokes Alot, often used in web forums, Its origins came from some online forum when they had a member bitching about polls.
5ever : 4ever means forever...so 5ever is longer than 4ever.
butt : 1. Verb - to press up against or to jostle. 2. Noun - the end part of a rifle or shotgun or machinegun that rests against the shoulder or pectoral muscles to increase stability during firing. 3. Noun - the part of a human being that knows wind and earth. The buttocks and anus of a person. 4. Noun - the recipient or target of a joke.
butthurt : An inappropriately strong negative emotional response from a perceived personal insult.  Characterized by strong feelings of shame.  Frequently associated with a cessation of communication and overt hostility towards the "aggressor."  
smh : Acronym for 'shake my head' or 'shaking my head.' Usually used when someone finds something so stupid, no words can do it justice. Sometimes it's modified to 'smfh' or 'smmfh' by those that prefer profanity in their internet acronyms.
anime : noun:  a style of animation that originated and is still heavily centered in Japan.  The word 'anime' is based on the original japanese pronunciation of the american word 'animation.'  The stereotype of the anime style are characters with proportionally large eyes and hair styles and colors that are very colorful and exotic.  The plots range from very immature (kiddy stuff), through teenage...
hazard : A gamer who has adopted the name since 2005. He has an odd mind that freaks many people out, some are even still attending therapy. Though you may try, this guy CANNOT be mindfucked, ultimately he will just laugh and move on. He also has a very strong stomach, as what might gross most people out, has no effect (or a completely different effect) on him.
double frogman : What you do is you take a scuba snorkel and you put your dick in the wee bendy mouth part, you sneak right up your back address, Kay? Then you just grab the middle of that snorkel and you're fucking your own ass and pulling off your crank at the self-same time.
alabama hot pocket : the art of seperating the vagina lips and taking a shat inside (and possibly having sex with it afterwards)
black jesus : Well, it's true.  Sorry, KKK and the like.  Did you really expect Me to be lily-white in a region like the Middle East?  Hellooo...Jews are Semitic?  I looked more like an Arab or Egyptian than I did like George Bush.
goy : Hebrew and Yiddish term for a non-Jewish person; synonymous with "gentile." Usually neutral, despite persistent untrue rumors that it is derogatory. It should only be considered offensive when it is used in a context indicating that it's intended as an insult, or  said in a tone of disgust- much like the word "Jew." Plural, "goyim"; adjective forms "goyish," "goyishe," "goyisher."
gypsie : a person who drinks other peoples alcohol without paying.  A moocher.  Their tears are exceptionally valuable and are often collected.  
dome : blow job, head, sucking on the dick
dirty snachez : Almost the same thing as the Dirty Sanchez, The Dirty Snachez is when you are having anal sex and pull out and put your penis back in her vagina. The thrusting creates residual poo to build up around her vagina. 
alaskan pipeline : n: the act of pooping in to a condom, freezing the rubber overnight, then inserting it in to ones anus.  Invented at the University of Iowa by Brian and Andy S. in 2001.
audrey hepburn : The most beautiful woman who ever lived.
gerard way : Amazingly talented singer and frontman of My Chemical Romance, beautiful voice. Puts on one hell of a live show. Often wears red stained suits when performing. Brother of Mikey Way.
beaches and shores : A subtle rhyming metonymy for "bitches and whores"
butter shawn johnson : The act of inserting a stick of butter (or margarine, depending on preference) into a receiving partner who is bent over, gripping their ankles with their hands. 
urethra : The body part that carries urine away from the bladder and out of the body.  Males and females both have one.  In men, seminal fluid also moves along this passage.
negro : Meaning 'Black' in Spanish
clint eastwood : the baddest mother fucker EVER.  he'll smoke a pipe, kick your fucking ass in, and bang your girlfriend, all at the same time.
blanco nino : 1) One whose nose bleeds when confronted with any sort of physical contact with the ground. 2) One who is sacked.
cosby sweater : The sexual act of eating Fruit Loops, Fruity Pebbles, Trix, and Boo Berry- or any other 'bright, colorful' breakfast cereals- and then vomitting the tacky, dazzling mixture onto your partners chest.  The result should look similar to the incredible sweaters that Bill Cosby wore during his highly successful 1980's sitcom "The Cosby Show".  
donkey punch : The Donkey Punch is when your engaged in anal sex and when your about to ejaculate you punch the poor little lady in the back of the head so her anal cavity tightens making the orgasm all that more better (for you ofcourse).
donkey kong : A term used to describe a black male who is boorish and ill mannered.
bitches and whores : A force meme from 4chan about a character from Shin Megami Tensei: Persona 4. A pannel of the woman hating, sadistic antagonist Tohru Adachi, from a H-Doujin was uploaded by an anonymous 4channer with the words "Bitches and Whores" that replaced the text. The picture was enough to start a small collection of fan art and remixes.
balls and weiners : When your friend who is very caveman like decides to have sex with a girl in the dark and goes down to far past the pussy and into the anal region and decides that he can't take that kind of emberassment and becomes Homosexual for life and enjoys pink sock
michael bolton's toes : Noun: A "secret", publicly acceptable word, to let your friends know that someone nearby has nipples visible through their clothing.  (usually and attractive woman, although a fat guy may be referenced for comedy effect.)
mexican chocolate factory : The act of freezing and inserting one's cylindrical piece of shit into a vagina and consuming said shit as it melts out.
fat people : Like a normal person, only larger and everything they do is about 10 times funnier.
sasha grey : Hot Pornstar!!! Shes only 18!!! I like Black Boys is my favorite porno featuring her.
annabel chong : Annabel Chong is a porn actress from Singapore that made world headlines when she traveled to America to engage in 251 sex acts with 70 men over a ten hour period (1995).  Setting a world's record for the biggest gang bang in 1995, Annabel Chong's record has now been toppled by many other eager porn actresses. See Hollywood Slut Syndrome.  Annabel Chong also starred in the do...
midgets : group of suburban white women trying to be hip
docking : The act of placing the head of ones penis inside the foreskin of another's penis.
care : said when you really don't. a very sarcastic statement that is usually funny.
windows : Windows 95/98, (n): 32 bit extension and a graphical shell for a 16 bit patch to an 8 bit operating system originally coded for a 4 bit microprossessor, written by a 2 bit company that can't stand 1 bit of competition. 
neckbeard : 1. (n) Facial hair that does not exist on the face, but instead on the neck.  Almost never well groomed.  2. (n) Derogatory term for slovenly nerdy people who have no sense of hygene or grooming.  Often related to hobbies such as card gaming, video gaming, anime, et. al.
freetard : A freetard is a unyielding proponent of Free and Open Source Software (FOSS) like the linux operating system. They make no apologies for going on 10 minute rants about the importance of their impeccable values like "not paying for things" and "sticking it to the man".  All freetards are self-righteous know-it-alls who get it off to pointing out people misusing 'their' and 'there',...
mentally ill : Someone who suffers from a mental disorder and delusions of grandeur. Someone who has lost touch with reality. Could be just depressed but rans the gammit from depression to schizophrenia.
hood : 1. The ghetto. 2. Someone who is from the ghetto. 3. Someone who acts like they are from the ghetto. Other Slang: Hoodlum, Gangsta, Thug, Nigga, Pimp, Street-rat, Street Urchin, etc.  4. The foreskin of a penis.  5. Covering of the clitoris. 
mirin : short for admiring.
mason : A very large and erected penis, comes from the old days of masonry, when they worked with long hard stones and bricks.
spitroasting : spitting one one's genitals and then rubbing the saliva and mixed skin particles into orifices.
hybrid theory : One of the best albums ever made.
three cheers for sweet revenge : My Chemical Romance's 2002 debut, was a particularly strident entry in that shifty genre of bands, slamming together elements of emo, hardcore, and even metal.  Rightly signed to a larger label (In this case, Reprise Records), MCR has returned in 2004 with Three Cheers For Sweet Revenge.  With the aid of production major-leaguer, Howard Benson, they've edited the slightly rookie excesses of the...
peanut butter trick : When someone of shorter persuasion (preferably with large calves and short arms), covers his genitals with peanut butter, allows his or her dog to lick it off, causing ejaculation on the dog , which in return makes the dog bite his or her elbow.
dong : 1. The penis. 2. The unit of currency of Vietnam.  At press time, 1 US dollar is roughly 15000 Vietnamese dong.
this is sparta : The greatest cry ever shouted in the history of the universe, only to be shouted directly before delivering a kick to the sternum over a large, seemingly endless pit that has no logical reason for being there but looks really, really, awesome.
ngl : Not Gonna Lie  Used to indicate that you are not deviating from the truth.
ricer : (Ricer: from the latin word Ricarius meaning to suck at everything you attempt)  A person who makes unecessary modifications to their most often import car (hence the term "rice") to make it (mostly make it look) faster. The most common modifications are (but not limited to):  - Huge exhaust that serves no purpose but to make the car louder    - Large spoiler on the back that looks like so...
free speech : Nothing more than an illusion.
best korea : North Korea when they won South Africa World Cup 2010
abby winters : An austrailian photographer of amateur nudity/porn. Her site features girls 18-24 with "natural" bodies.
dingo : baby eater
mad max : To flip on your nitrous and smash the shit out of the back the car (most likely an enemy of yours) in front of you and cause them to loose control and flip many times. Like in the move Mad Max 2: The Road Warrior.
danger days : An album by the rock band My Chemical Romance. Though it leaves behind being a pop tinged deathrock band behind, the record has risen to massive acclaim from fans and critics both. It incorporates elements of the first wave of punk rock, hair metal, Britpop, goth rock, glam, and electronica. The only people that really DON'T like the album are people who liked their first records.
vegemite : Delicious Australian spread, made from used brewer's yeast.  Non-Australians tend to give descriptions of it similar to 'tastes like a mixture of salt and battery acid'.  This is because they are wimps, and need to drink more beer, eat more pies, and of course, eat more Vegemite.
mel gibson : A great friend to the jewish people. As much has been proved under the influence of an extremely potent truth drug.
mel brooks : A jew who made "Hitler on Ice" and "Jews in Space", all for comedic purposes of course. ^_^
master blaster : To be well versed in the art of finger banging. Finger fucking, if you will.
barter town : The runner of which is the dominate alpha male. Generally contested by random competitions, the winner has bragging rights and must must acknowledged as the runner of Barter Town by all other competitors until he loses
thunderdome : Turbulent, utter mayhem; a state of violent confusion or commotion.
thunder dome : The act of two women being banged from behind face to face, while the two men reach over the top of the women creating a dome shape. Usually occurs after heavy drinking, and or cocain use.
prince albert in a can : To use pierced male genitalia for anal sex.
geddy lee : greatest singer of all time, greatest bass player of all time. Played for the band rush. was kicked out of rush by john rusty but then john rusty left the band for health problems so geddy lee came back
2112 : 1) kick-ass album by Rush  2) the next palendromic year
twat : 1) A great word to shout out. 2) A woman's vagina. 3) A blow to the face or genitalia. 4) Used by Tweety. 5) An offensive term for a person. 6) Acronym for The War Against Terrorism.
politik : very good song by coldplay.
snow : Coke, cocaine. Used primarily by huffing through the nostrils snow can also be freebased and inhaled.
gossamer : A big red fuck That gigantic red hairy monster that often chased bugs bunny. A cobweb on a bush
mamsir : a person who's gender you can not identify
gossamerfawn : Someone that is completely random and is obviously not a resident of the planet earth.
autistic : The cause of autism is unknown, but studies show that people with autism have larger brains than normal.
brony : A name typically given to the male viewers/fans (whether they are straight, gay, bisexual, etc.) of the My Little Pony show or franchise. They typically do not give in to the hype that males aren't allowed to enjoy things that may be intended for females.  Other spellings: Bronie Plural spellings: Bronies
rape : A crime. Quite terrible in nature. Often causes sever phycological damage to victim. Forced sexual intercourse. Often very violent in more then just a sexual way. No I am not some feminazi either! I am a male solider in the airbourne. So dont be saying its only somthing whiny girls dont like.  "That MOFO raped my good friend. So I took my boys out and we beat him into the hospital."
munging : 1)  Go to a graveyard with four of your buddies 2)  Dig up Fresh corpse (female) and have a gang bang. 3)  Afterwards, one of them puts there mouth over the vagina. 4)  Someone jumps on the stomach, shooting all the cum and maggots and such into the person's mouth.  They swallow it.
mung : The one thing worse than genocide.  One must first have no shame.  Then he/she must use a newspaper to find the obituary of a recently deceased man or woman.  Then must find a buddy, with no shame, who will aid them in this act.  The partners then go to the cemetary where they dig up their victim, and flip a coin.  The loser, (or winner depending on how sick you are), applies his/her lips to th...
cuckolding : cuckold: a man married to an unfaithful wife.  so, cuckolding is whne the wife is doing the cheating.
poopsy : see mish, 2nd definition
mish : Short for mission. Can be used for describing how far away something is
u mad? : An attempt to mock someone for being angry or annoyed, often used by trolls or just dickheads in a cheap attempt to make their target more angry.  This response is usually predicated on the questioner's arrogant notion that they themselves are immune to losing their cool and never get angry when someone is being a dickhead to them.  This usually has 0.000001% likelihood of being true.  Possible...
ferrous : An offensive and derogatory term for a Canadian Ironworker. 
angry dragon : Immediately after you blow your load in a girl's mouth, smack the back of her head and make it come out her nose. When she gets up she'll look like an angry dragon.
coalburner : A "Coalburner" is a white girl who is spoiled rotten and rebels against her wealthy or middle class parents for some imagined affront sometime in their short lives. This rebellion manifests itself in the form of fucking any sloppy pussy-ass fake gangbanger nigger they can get their nasty dick-skinners on. Also see "Mud-Duck" punishing parents by giving them 4 grandchildren from 4 sperm donors w...
coaldigger : the opposite of golddigger; a woman or man who deliberately selects partners whose attractiveness lies in the fact that they are a financial liability
waifu : Weeaboo for "wife".  Don't say this word ever, please.
boat : 1000 pills of ecstasy
unicorn : A sexually empowered transsexual woman (male-to-female) that still has her penis.  A rare mystical creature only rumored to exist but highly sought after.  They are desired by straight men who enjoy anal sex, lesbian women who enjoy vaginal intercourse and homosexual men that more identify as queer than gay.  They are further made in short supply due to t...
germany : Great cars, great beer, great guns (Heckler und Koch ring a bell?) Great ally of the United States. Defeated in two world wars, but due to a few mistakes. Was divided in half, with Berlin (which was in East Germany) also divided in half. Used to be Nazi Germany, before that the Weimar Republic, before that the German Empire, before that the Holy Roman Empire, before that the German Confederatio...
japan : The country with the world's best toilets.
slovakia : A cool country who kicks ass in hockey.
czech republic : A country formerly part of Czecheslovakia. Its capital is Prague.
finland : Also home of great rally drivers and people who can drink pretty much anyone under the table.
new zealand : A beautiful country in the South Pacific, approximately 2200kms South-east of the East coast of Australia. Population: 4 million (as of April 28th, 2003).   Advantages: Strong democracy under a proportional voting system; it's not Australia; moderate climate - neither too hot, nor too cold. Beautiful young women and handsome blokes in abundance: healthy indoors / outdoors lifestyle year-round...
white women : The most beautiful women on earth. They have the fortune of having beautiful white skin; blonde, brown or red hair; blue, hazel, green or brown eyes; slender noses and lips; tall and svelte statures. These features are the most coveted even though no other race naturally have these features without the purchase of artificial, cosmetic products (i.e. hair dye, skin lightener, colored contacts, p...
black women : Women who do nothing, demand shit, and yell at black men.  They will start fights for little things like needing orange or grape soda.
constitution : 1: A now-irrelevant document which once provided freedom for Americans. Replaced by the Patriot Act, a sugar-coated document that repeals all civil liberties that Americans once enjoyed. 2: The Bush administration's toilet paper.
slap : What the five fingers said to the face.
zionist : A racist individual who uses Judaism and his/her goal in supporting Israel as an excuse to occupy, control, and subdue an entire group of people. Zionists do not believe in the true teachings of Judaism, rather they abuse it much like Bin Laden abuses the Muslim religion. They believe the Jewish race is a superior race, and that every other race/people should serve them.
sweather : Sweater Weather. Usually in Fall weather that is perfect for a sweater.
proxy : A sort of "middle man" on the internet.  Normally when you go to a website, you send your "request" packets straight to the site's server, and then the server sends "reply" packets back which is what you see as the website.  With a proxy, you send your request packet to a server, which then sends a new request packet to the website's server, which then sends back a reply to the proxy's server, ...
startup : A recently formed company. In modern terminology, it has come to describe a company formed with a business model relying on the internet.
spit roasting : A three-way sex act in which a person is penetrated orally and either anally or vaginally.
champagne showers : The act of shaking up champagne bottles and popping them, thus spraying your friends and yourself with large quantities of champagne in an act of celebration.
freegan : Somebody who abstains from contributing to the economy and salvages society's wasted food and resources rather than purchase more themselves.  Often pertains to a VEGAN (somebody who doesn't eat/wear animal products) who only makes exceptions when dealing with otherwise wasted items.
blah : its a word used in an after sentence,  when no one is talking, or when a person has nothing else to say.
tipsy : When you are slightly drunk.
drunk : When you have to hold on to the grass to keep from falling off the earth.
teavana : A new teahouse chain in the United States. Basically the Starbuck's of the tea world, but focused more on selling tea in bulk rather than in individual cups. They do give you cups of the stuff if you ask, though and its much cheaper than a cup of coffee would be at Starbuck's. They have tons and tons of the weirdest most obscure teas imaginable, ranging from fruity to sweet and caramely. They a...
saxon : Saxon is a GameFAQs.com message board user that is extremely popular, thought to be a legendary "joke" account.
rape alarm : The act of waking a sleeping woman by having sex with her.
rape ape : Professional Boxer Mike Tyson
drugs : Drugs are chemicals that alter, block, or mimic chemical reactions in the brain. This causes an alteration of the body's normal processes, causing physical (Faster heartbeat, deeper respiration etc.), or mental (Elevated mood, new thought processes etc.) changes.  Drugs are used for a myriad of purposes, from anaesthesia, to psychotherapy, to just being able to wake up in the morning (Caffein...
overdose : An excessive dose, especially of a narcotic
death : the cure for life
oxycotin : painkillers in pill form. when abused correctly, produce a euphoric effect
wet mission : A Wet Mission is the act of seeking out, and then using PCP or PCP laced marijuana or tobacco cigarettes, often resulting in running around naked and requiring 5 or more law enforcement officers to subdue you.
neet : Another acronym from sociologists... NEET stands for 'Not in Education, Employment or Training'. I'm not sure, yet, whether it has any global significance or derogatory overtones. However, like chav, it seems to be particularly applicable to a social under-class lacking drive, motivation or ambition. I part this is due to poverty and lack of opportunity. But this burgeoning classificatio...
 : an exclamation used to describe big boobs
fraggle rock : An older children's tv show. Very similar to Sesame Street, but many have been quoted as refering to it as, "Sesame Street on acid."
netsplit : A temporary breakdown in communication between two irc servers that results in a single string of servers becoming two separate strings.
packeteering : Accepting money in exchange for a DoS attack shall be reffered to as Packeteering
fwiw : "For what it's worth."
mikey way : The Bassist from the awesome band My Chemical Romance. Brother of Gerard Way, the singer of My Chemical Romance.
flarndip : An uninvited grasper of cone, a masher, a hustler
cincinnati bowtie : When you reverse titty-fuck a girl.  So your balls and cock are upside-down and it looks like she is wearing a fleshy bow-tie.  It's called "cincinnati" because they do everything backwards there.
pedo : A person who is sexually attracted to children.  Short for pedophile.
ave : Latin for "Hail". Known esp. for Ave Maria hymn.
inter : Football team from Milan. Founded in 1908. Also known as Internazionale. A team about passion, friendship and uncertainty, in good and bad.
net : Short for internet.
the : a common mispelling of teh.
supermad : Take a guess. A WILD guess. I dare you. its not just super, its not just mad, its supermad.
willies : 1. n. a sense of dread or extreme discomfort.  2. n. or adj. term used to describe a Jeep manufactored prior to the time that the American Motor Company (AMC) took over production.
discord : A lack of harmony among ponies.
mlp : My Little PonyCollector's term for small plastic horses with brushable manes and tails.
house : One of the smartest medical dramas to ever have aired, House, M.D. features the maverick, anti-social doctor Gregory House (Hugh Laurie) who specializes in infectious diseases and does whatever it takes to solve the puzzling cases that come his way.    A show that should rob this year's Emmys if not for its sheer quality then for Laurie's brilliant acting.
house music : a variation of electronic music that uses a 4/4 beat. It was developed by dance club DJs in Chicago in the 1980s. Its name probably comes from the fact that it was mostly played at wearhouses.  House music contains many different influences and styles that range from electronic to disco. There is funky house (close to funk music), electro house (close to techno), disco house (close to disco 70...
eurobeat : A style of music originating from either Italy or Germany, popular in Japan and marking its ground in the US.  It consists of catchy, frenzied, overproduced beats and rhythmic dance voices.  Eurobeat often mentions Japan, cars, love, dancing all night long, known in the Eurobeat world as "keywords."  Eurobeat singers usually perform under many different names.
love : nature's way of tricking people into reproducing
fashion : a sense of style that changes from decade to decade, century to century. each era of fashion can change by very little or drastically.
hipster :      Hipsters are a subculture of men and women typically in their 20's and 30's that value independent thinking, counter-culture, progressive politics, an appreciation of art and indie-rock, creativity, intelligence, and witty banter. The greatest concentrations of hipsters can be found living in the Williamsburg, Wicker Park, and Mission District neighborhoods of major cosmopolitan centers su...
python : Python is a powerful high-level interpreted language. Python's design is notably clean, elegant, and well thought through; it tends to attract the sort of programmers who find Perl grubby and exiguous.
chocolate monkey : When a Female Licks a Mans Butt-Hole and Then 'Taps that ass' Then Finally the Male Takes a Dump on the Female on her Stomach.
vevo : The beginning of Youtube's downfall.
smut : a nasty hoe, thats easy to get with, slut
bomis : A ball of meat inspaghetti. A very short and fat person.
dix : french for the number 10.  used to describe a girl who is a '10'
dora the explorer : Literally an insult to ANYONE'S intelligence. This isn't for pre-schoolers, this is for people in comas. The show includes an annoying Spanish girl that constantly does dangerous, stupid shit and has parents that apparently approve of said dangerous, stupid shit. Way to teach the kids, asshole. Then, as if they haven't been stupifying us enough with their inane bullshit, they ask the most obvio...
mao : 1. n. Vile, evil ruler of China from the end of WWII to the early 1970's. Killed millions of his own people with forced collectivization of agriculture, the "Great Leap Forward," and most of all with the power-restoration maneuver resulting from the famine created by Great Leap Forward known as the "Cultural Revolution." Faclitated a transfer of power to a group of ...
ddos : Distributed Denial-Of-Service: Form of electronic attack involving multiple computers, which send repeated HTTP requests or pings to a server to load it down and render it inaccessible for a period of time. Often used by freedom fighters on the Internet, usually attacking the systems of greedy corporations who want to sacrifice YOUR freedom for their profits.
disney channel : A channel that always has shows with lame, repetetive plots, and will make a show or a movie every time they think of an amusing pun or any random theme (i.e. a kid who plays baseball and cooks.) Although the target audience is 9 year old girls and fruity boys of their early teens/preteens, they will not heisitate to make movies like "High School Musical" (by the way, if they wanted to make a r...
ping : The time it takes for a network packet to leave your computer, go to another one, and return.  Lower = better.  Can also be a source of gloating in network games.  Typically measured in milliseconds.
neonazi : People that hate jews and just sit around all day talking about useless shit. They will never amount to anything great.  See UN
un : An ever-increasingly irrelevant group of nations whose widespread corruption is coming to light.
jamer : a toolshed jack in the box that has no life and takes photos of himself being a modern tool or taking his quad for a walk around his yard. One who wishes they could wear aviators and cant get enough of brandon opitz.
spiderpig : A pig that can (magically...*cough*) walk on walls and/or ceilings, much like an arachnid.
spiderman : When a girl is going down on you, and just before you climax you pull out of her mouth and nut in your own hand. Then fling the jism in her face, as you jump to your feet, making sure to properly mimic Spidey's web slinging hand motions. Now stand in a position of bravery, and power like any superhero would. Be sure not to react when she yells at you. Stand tall and proud, not too many guys get...
arachnid : Surely one of the most successful groups of animals in the history of this planet.  There are arachnids on every continent (except Antarctica, obviously).  Arachnids include spiders, scorpions, mites, ticks and the like.  Though it is very rare for soft-bodied animals to survive, in fossil form, the oldest known fossil spider is 380 million years old, and there are even older fossil scorpions a...
nog : Synonym for racial slur nigger. Derived from nigger, leading to nignog, leading to noggins, and shortened to nogs.
cool : The best way to say something is neat-o, awesome, or swell. The phrase "cool" is very relaxed, never goes out of style, and people will never laugh at you for using it, very conveniant for people like me who don't care about what's "in."
steam : 1. Noun. The gaseous form of water, H20.  2. Noun. An excellent idea that manifested itself in an extremely buggy and sometimes stupid program. Automatic patching? Great!  A friends network? Why didn't they think of that before? A program slower than a sloth? Not good.
fun : Spongebob's Definition: F- is for friends who do stuff together!  U- is for you and me!  N- is for anywhere and anytime at all down here in the deep blue sea!  Plankton's Definition:  F- is for FIRE that burns down the whole town!  U- is for URANIUM... bombs!  N- is for NO SURVIVAL WHEN YOU...  Spongebob and Plankton together:  F- is for Frolic through all the flowers  U- is ...
eunuch : 1) a male whose balls have been removed, either for government service (such as in ancient Africa and Rome) or, if the castration takes place before puburty, to prevent the voice from breaking (Italian opera's male sopranos of the 17th thru 19th centuries). In the present day, this sort of eunuch may result from testicular cancer.  2) a male whose entire genitalia is removed. Done as punishme...
reasonable : Used to express indifference when confronted with something very expensive.   Comes from the restaurant scene in American Psycho: "And speaking  of reasonable...(He shows McDermott the bill for the meal) only $470!"
kiwi : A game played in an enclosed court by two players who strike a ball with raquets. aka the greatest sport ever.
feminist : someone who believes the radical notion that women are people.
cock : The male reproductive organ.  Used as a secondairy brain at times.
donnie darko : An excellent yet overrated cult movie made by Richard Kelly.  Donnie Darko is a troubled adolescent who's life is saved when a giant bunny rabbit orders him to follow him one night. A plane engine so happens to crash on Donnie's room, but he is gone with frank (which is why his life is saved)  Realizing that his life should have ended then, Donnie finds secrets of physics and experiments th...
plebeian : 1. Of or someone of lower mental capacity moron 2. Someone of lower social rank trash
cheesecake : 1. A dessert pie with filling made from soft cheese such as ricotta, Philadelphia or farmer's cheese.  Commonly lemon or vanilla flavored, baked without top crust and often topped with fruit.  (Technically a pie, not a cake, since it is unleavened and contains little or no flour)  2. A genre of glamour photography and poster art made popular in wartime pin-ups of the 1940's, often featuring m...
brompton cocktail : Popular in england. Mixture of Cocaine, Heroine,and alcohol given to cancer patients on their death bed.It was given to them to bring them alive for the last time.So their family could see them in a state of euphoria and not in so much pain.
tribbling : When two females rub each other's vagina's together, resulting in one or both of them to reach orgasm.
ikr : ikr = i know right.
nappy headed : someone who's hair is tangled or kinky normally used to define an african americans hair
botnet : Botnets (network of bots / zombie computers) are computers infected by worms or Trojans and taken over surreptitiously by hackers and brought into networks to send spam, more viruses, or launch denial of service attacks.
plox : Generally used by the more veteran users of games and the internet.  Used generally as a parody of stupid users who say plz or pls.
poonani : Noun.  Slang word for the vagina. Pussy Cunt Muff
chad : A member of the male gender, a Chad is a person, typically named Chad, who goes to bars to pick up chicks. He usually accomplishes this by cockblocking other guys. A Chad can be identified by his appearance which usually consists of the following: mesh trucker hat, frosted hair, greasy spiked hair, polo shirt with the collar turned up, fake tan, ringer t-shirt two sizes too small, pants two siz...
jeremy : A named based on the biblical name Jeremiah. Used as a name for children who are blessed with a large brain and/or penis. Also used as a replacement for "perfect".
vagoogoo : Term for vagina when one does not wish to say the word vagina or orifice of sexual pleasure
vajayjay : Slang - vagina, origin unknown, used on Grey's Anatomy
vagoo : A "warm and inviting" term / euphemism for vagina.  Created by Rayne of "Least I Could Do".
vaginer : When you lift up your dong and your balls look like a vagina.
dick snot : Dick snot is indeed semen but is more accuratley used when referring to jism dribbling from the eye of the penis (as opposed to shooting) as regular snot does from the nose when you have a cold.  
vageen : Borat's definition of a vagina.
autastic : A fantastic & Autistic] (or ASD related) state of being. Descriptive of the times as follows.
kf : kinda funny, used in the world of text messaging and instant messaging. everyone has found themselves at one point or another saying "lol" when you aren't really "laughing out loud", "kf" fills in the void that seperates the "histerical" from the "not funny". its for those things that are humorous but not enough to cause you to bust out laughing.
frosted butts : The only acceptable combo-breaker to use when someone is trying to count to 10 on a message/imageboard.
niggertree : A family tree of niggers.
neg : A light insult wrapped in the package of a complement. Used by pick-up artists to gain and maintain the attention of women who possess uncommon beauty (9+). These women are immune to standard complements.
/s : Indicates the presence of sarcasm.
sh : "So high". The abbreviation is useful when one is in public places and wants to tell their friends about their level of intoxication, but would prefer if strangers and/or authority figures did not know. Extra S's before the H indicate that one is higher than usual.
shh : To make someone stop talking without making it seem to obvious.
smack : Heroin. Most frequently used in the 60s.
fetish : 1. An object thought to have magical, especially magically sexual, powers  2. A sexual fixation or obsession with a usually non-sexual object. EX. socks, horses, monkeys, pain, bondage
angel dust : The using of the word 'AngelDust' is rather ironic, as it is the street name for PCP, the most scariest motherfucker drug on the planet... PCP should be called Devildust. It can bring on violent behaviour from users, along with hallucinations..which obviously would not bvring a positive affect. but not just taht, it is also very harmful from a onetime usage standpoint; it can cause seizures, c...
ice : 1)- Frozen water, used to cool drinks or for medical healing during athletic competition  2)- Expensive jewelry, usually in the form of diamonds that is worn in either necklace, ring, chain, or earrings  3)- To kill or murder someone  4)- Methamphetamines, illicit street drugs
sandwich : what you tell your woman to make for you if you dont wanna take her shit.
butter : The urban definition of 'butter' is to have refined skills at a particular task, like playing basketball for example. To further understand the meaning of the word, you have to grasp a general idea of where the usage of it came from. Originally, people of all backgrounds used to say the phrase "I'm on a roll!" meaning that at the moment, they were so good at doing something, that there was no s...
anus : A hole used primarily for the dispensing of fecal matter.  Sometimes the insertion of oblongated objects such as various fruits, vegetables, broomsticks, fingers, penises, etc. are allowed entrance into this sacred area.  The size of the anus can vary depending on the size of fecal matter dispersement, as well as what types of objects are inserted into this area.  The anus is also known as th...
leetchan : The Best leet place around, You may refer to it as the LEET PLACE
southern comfort : 1) A cheap (but good) 70 proof whiskey-like liquor made in New Orleans. 2) A state of relaxation common in the southern USA.
shoah : shoh-uh  "Holocaust" in hebrew language.
ben bernanke : He's a magician, a furious magician. He wants your teeth for the federal reserve, because he's cutting interest rates in half, and he needs your teeth for his lonely hearts club band.
nazi : An acronym for National Socialist; from the German NAtionale soZIalist.     Refers to members of the National Socialist party, or anything to do with the National Socialist party.
athf : The acronym for, quite possibly, the most awesome cartoon ever created.  Aqua Teen Hunger Force 0\/\/n5, bottom line.  If you are reading this you have fallen prey to the sweetical mind control that is deehee.
mods : British gangs from the early 60's and 70's who's rival were the Rockers (Teddy Boys). The Mods (short for Modernists) were notorious for pill-popping (blues, bennies, uppers, downers, ecstasy, amphetamines, barbs, booze, goofballs, etc., riding really fast on their Lambrettas/Vespas Italian high-performance scooters, clubbing, orgies, well-dressed/chic, mod hairstyles, listening to jazz/funk/si...
forever alone : The relationship status of most people on Tumblr.
roach coach : A catering truck, especially one which frequents blue collar places of work; generally a modded pickup truck with insulated diamond-pattern doors covering a refrigerator case and a warmer unit with attached griddle.
desu : japanese for 'it is', often said at the end of sentences to seem cute or unwitting.
cornhole : (O) <--- That right there.
broof : Bros drinking brews on the roof. An engagement where brothers, fraternal or otherwise, seek to imbibe whilst on the roof of one's homestead, apartment, or otherwise.
pillowed : A state of tiredness where one starts to feel intoxicated. Common symptoms include poor articulation and giddiness.
apb : an acronym meaning All Points Bulletin - a bulletin broadcast to all officers, often with information about a suspect who is to be detained.
jesus : Man who was nailed to a plank for saying how nice it would be if everyone was nice to each other. Had his message misinterpreted by millions who now think it is their job to persecute certain groups of people(christians).
mpreg : The term is short for Male Pregnancy and is most often used in fan fiction to describe the surprising occurrence of pregnant males. It is most typically seen in male/male pairings, but has occasionally sprung up in other situations. Is most commonly used as an adjective.
gooch : Gooch, A.K.A. "grundle" is the area that attaches ones sac to ones ass-hole.
tech n9ne : unbeleavable skill and ryme, speed, unbeatable lyrics and sound.the best period.   
youtube poop : YouTube Poop is a name used for videos posted on YouTube which are usually nonsensical and random. They are simply just randomly chosen clips from things such as cartoons, clipped, looped and remixed to make it sound really strange. The most commonly used clips include scenes from the CD-i game of The Legend of Zelda, and a Mario game called Hotel Mario. These particular YouTube Poop videos (or...
spach : An Idiot, usually person who has no idea what hes doing and usually a class clown that tries to be funny and isnt at all.
butt pirate : person who pilages another mans anus
crumpkin : The logical evolution of the blumpkin: receiving head while taking a shit while smoking crack.
niglet : A racial slur. Used to describe an African American child.
niger : a depressed African nation that made a big mistake when choosing a name for itself
pink sock : (n) this is the result of excessive anal plundering; the intestines actually exit through the anus, forming a dangling mass, resembling a pink sock.
lego : A toy for people who like to think for themselves.  One of the largest toy companies in the world with an annual turnover of billions of dollars.  Lego is Danish for "Play Well"  Lego is Latin for "I Put Together"  LEGO's brand recognition is the same as that of the Disney Company.
goyim : Non-Jews, in Hebrew and Yiddish.  Literally, the "peoples." Sometimes pejorative.  See shiksa and shaygetz
shaygetz : A non-Jewish male, pejorative.  Fr. Yiddish.  Masc. of shiksa.
usa : The only country keeping penguins from coquering the Earth
constipation : when you've gotta go, but you're ass says no
oldfag : An Oldfag (also known as Elitist Asshole) is a user of an online community who has been with the community a considerable amount of time and won't shut up about it. Much like the old men that hang out in front of the liquor store, Oldfags harp on and on about the good old days and how things used to be. Oldfags generally consider themselves better than everyone one else, sometimes even p...
slav : A member of one of the Slavic-speaking peoples of eastern Europe.
master race : People who play PC games on PCs that aren't made by Apple.  Enjoying popular, overrated games like new Call of Duty games (Modern Warfare), World of Warcraft or The Sims excludes one from Master Race.  A gamer who isn't part of the master race is called a peasant.
reptilians : Race in the 4th dimension who dominate us.  Also known as reps.
niggers : People who annoy you.
multiculturalism : Multiculturalism is a marxist ideology designed to ethnically cleanse European derived peoples by promoting the massive 3rd world invasion of Europe, United States, Canada, and Australia. 
child support : A support plan for a parent (always the father regardless of the situation) to help with expenses of their children after divorce. Unfortunatly, it is based on laws written when mothers could not enter the workforce, and had no way to provide for their children. It is necessary for parents that do not have joint custody, but these days with split (50 - 50) custody, women are still awarded child...
cheese pizza : child pornography
racial equality : When everyone is treated the same, no matter what race they are.
lolocaust : Funny on a scale that kills 6 million people.
bieber : A very small penis, around 3 inches or less in length and circumference, like Justin Biebers penis.
jesus juice : Wine served in a Diet Coke can, with the purpose of getting a thirteen year old drunk enough to shag a pale freak with a funny nose.
zerg rush : A term used for a swarming attack, and/or winning a battle by throwing bodies and outnumbering an opponent.  This term was derived off of a video game called Starcraft which had a tactic where you are able to rush opponents by mass producing zergs and rushing them
no life : The most commonly used insult on the internet used by 12 years/idiots even though they have no absolutely no knowledge of what that person does with their time.
prime time : A small flavored cigar, commonly found in gas stations in packs or singles.  Yummy.
black hole : An area of space-time with a quantum singularity at its center.  The singularity has a theoretically infinite mass, making it impossible for even light to escape.  Around the singularity is an Event-Horizon.  This is also known as the point of no return because it is the critical area that light can no longer escape from, and time itself comes to an end, or is at the same time ad-infinitum.  Mu...
911 : Good Lord. Lets finalize this shit. 911 - Sports car 9-1-1 - Emergency Number September 11 - the day terrorists attacked America.   Lets not trivialize the sacrifice our Public Servants paid that day by saying "nine-eleven" "nine one one".  my $.02
9/11 : 1) the beginning of the 3 weeks that my home was covered in smoke and the smell of asbestos and dust.  2) The day my cousin died.  3) The day a good friend almost died but was carried down 35 flights of steps by a total stranger 4) A lesson in sensitivity and awareness to a number of people 
rayciss : "Ebonics" for racist
ebonics : A poor excuse for a failure to grasp the basics of english.  When in doubt, throw an "izzle" sound in the middle of any word of just string random thoughts together and insinuate that they actually mean something.  When backed into a corner, you can always claim that it has something to do with a sort of symbolism or is a defining trait that makes your race great, versus own up to the fact that...
scientology : See sham, fraud, fake, or any word adjacent to those.  Basically its a falsetto 'religion' in which eternal happiness is attained by donating all of your money to the leaders.  Founded by L. Ron Hubbard as a way to scheme money and make a fast buck off his books. One of the 'holiest' days in this religion is Hubbard's birthday.  Because most celebrites such as Tom Cru...
transphobia : An irrational negative response to transgender and intersex people, as well as other forms of gender-bending and gender non-conformity. Extreme cases may involve the belief that people with the above conditions are less than human. Often carries that assumption that gender is a natural, rather than learned, condition, and that biological sex is a discrete, immutable trait rather than a collecti...
homophobia : A severe condition, usually prominent in Republicans and most of American culture, leading one to: - innacurately use bible quotings for the justification of killing homosexuals - restrict the rights of millions - hide in their rooms crying if they looked at the nude body of one of the same gender and did not vomit - insessantly call things "Gay"
fags : "An extremely inconsiderate person, who is closely associated with Harley Davidsons." "A person who owns and frequently rides a Harley Davidson."
christians : A misinterpreted, misunderstood faith.  as you can see in many entries below.  Christianity HAS been used to do things in  "The Name of God" that God would never have wanted (ie. killing your parents, raping small children and mothers, stalkers, racial segregation etc.) But to give a perfect definition of Christianity - you would have to read the New Testament of the Holy Bible and see how Jesu...
so alone : what you do when you're alone, for example, masterbating. With your best friends girlfriend.
judeo-christian : 1. Belonging to a set of scriptures used by both Judaism and Christianity  as a subset of each faith's Bible, and defining many but not all of each faith's core doctrines. 2. Reflecting an apocryphal shared history and belief system of Judaism and Christianity. 3. (In American public life) Christian.  Definitions 2 and 3 are used almost exclusively by Christian and some secular commentators...
nihilism : It's useless to define it.
atheist : There are two in-use definitions of the word 'atheist':  1.) A person who lacks belief in a god or gods.  People who use this definition categorize atheists as either negative (or implicit or weak) atheists or positive (or explicit or strong) atheists.  Negative atheists, while they don't believe in a god, do not positively assert that no gods exist.  Positive atheists, however...
theism : Theism is not a religion, rather it is a belief in god(s). This can be a belief in a single God, as in Islam, Christianity, or Judaism (monotheism), or a belief in deities or multiple gods, such as Hinduism & many ancient religions.
mitt romney : Something Massachusetts is happy to be rid of. More commonly known as "Mitt the Shit" or "Mittens", Romney left office before he could be run out of the state on a rail. He really did a good job fixing the Big Dig. Yeah, right!   This guy is not only incompetitent, he's the biggest flip-flopper in politics. And this doesn't mean his position "evolves" over time or as the situation changes. Mi...
race : There are four major definitions of this word, in order of importance:  1. Genus, species, or kind. Up until about 30,000 years ago, there were other races of humans, which included Neanderthals and Archaics, but they are thought to have been indirectly out-competed by modern Homo sapiens.   2. Any competition of speed or display of rapid movement.  3. Any fictional sentient species featu...
librul : The name given to liberals by heavily-accented conservatives, generally those from the south.
liberal : If used in a non-political sense, "liberal" simply means "a lot."
september 11 : The day after September 10 and before September 12.
condoleezza rice : Lying cunt.  Hypocrite.  War criminal.
market : Shortened form of 'Blackbush Market', a market held on Sundays in a village in hampshire.  Blackbush referring to a woman who has incredibly dark pubic hair.
free market : A fictional place people refer to when they obtain something for free. It could mean shop lifting, receiving a gift, getting a day off from work, etc. It can also mean hooking up with someone.
marx : In history, "Marx" is usually synonymous with Karl Marx, the man who along with Fredrich Engels is considered the father of communism.  These two men wrote the Communist Manifesto, which laid out the idea of communism, which can really be considered a form of extreme socialism.  Other men, such as Vladimir Lenin, would read the works of Marx and be led to start r...
marxist : An academic label for someone who adheres to the theories, or methods, of Karl Marx, who proved that society can be studied by science. The term is confused by a lot ignorant asshats who are unable to parse Marxism from small 'c' communism; the latter being a very specific type of society, whereas Marxism is more a way of understanding how the world is ...
asspergers : A disease acquired by accidentally sitting on one of them new-fangled grills.  (Pronounced: Ass-Bur-gers)
boobage : 1.) when cleavage is showing  2.) when the boobs bounce up and down
2012 : The mayans did predict the end of the world to be 12/21/2012, but not end as in everyone dies and it blows up. end as in stops this phase and becomes something else. the real story is they say we are in one phase or dimension, supposedly 1985 was the end of the 5th and we are between dimensions, and in 2012 we will enter the sixth and all become smarter, get weird new senses, and other stuff an...
tinfoil hat : Number 1 fashion accessory for unemployed conspiracy theorists around the world!
ascension : A legend at Travian. He doesn't take anyones shit and many people respect and hate him at the same time. The haters are just jealous because they can not be him.
dimension : 1. dimension (n) pl. dimensions: A specification of the spatial and directional limits of a given space, designated by a number representing the maximum number of lines in said instance of geometric space that can possibly exist such that the angle between any one of them and any other one of them is a right angle (also designated by the minimum number of points needed to define it minus...
democrats : An idealistic, supposedly liberal political party that alienates all moderates with its stubbornness, hence a jackass as the mascot.  For example, many moderate liberals find themselves alienated by the extreme liberals' insistence on political correctness and intolerance to religion.  As one party in the two-party system in America, they are half of the problem.  Antonym: 
the meaning of life : Well, fuck if I know.
political correctness : See bullshit.  Proof that George Orwell was way ahead of his time when he wrote his "1984" novel.
thumbs up : The final affirmation.
bleeding heart liberal : Bleeding Heart"A person who is considered excessively sympathetic toward those who claim to be underprivileged or exploited."  Liberal"Of, relating to, or characteristic of liberalism."  Liberalism" A political theory founded on the natural goodness of humans and the autonomy of the individual and favoring civil and political libertie...
naggers : People who annoy you.
coons : Plural of coon; Multiple Australian Aboriginals
spics : spic: a racist word toward hispanics. Usually when one thinks of spics he thinks of the american sterreotype of a hispanic. just like a white stereotype is a caucassion airhead who eats hotdogs and burgers all day. its not necessarly true its just another word to discriminate a person for being born in another country.
gook : A derrogatory term used for the purpose of describing a korean. (Obtained form the korean pronunciation of their country, Hangook.)
nignog : Variation on "nigger", evoking stereotypical African tribal chanting, dancing etc. Although very offensive today, many people wouldn't have regarded it as such in the past when it could also just mean "idiot".
racist : If you're a white man, this is what you are. It doesn't even matter if your wife is black and you have an adopted child from India, or how many black friends you have, somehow you're going to end up being a racist according to how the media portrays the white man as "racist whities".  All of this is funny because the white man is the one that is stereotyped as being racist, which is hypocrisy...
blackface : When white actors would paint their faces black to resemble black people.  Accompanied by a performance stereotyping them as buffoons.
hitler : verb, to Hitler someone; ie, smudge poop on their upper lip, creating the illusion of a Hitler-style moustache.  Usually performed while the victim is sleeping.
oy gevalt : Yiddish phrase. exclamation of surprise, incredulity, or simply used to emphasize a statement. often used when kvetching. alt. spelling: oy gevaldt
black : 1.Darkness, a dark colour, the colour of this text is black.  2.A race - The black race can range from African american to polynesian.
antisemite : 1) NOT one who hates Jews exclusively. An antisemite is one who hates people of Semetic languages - this includes Arabs, Arameans, Babylonians, Carthaginians, Ethiopians and Phoenicians. Therefore, it is moronic to accuse someone who is anti-Zionism of being an antisemite. 2) An incorrect way of saying anti-Semite.
half-breed : A person of mixed races.
paranoia : No chance I'm gonna give a definition.. What if someone's watching? :o  /me dons ninja mask
mutt : 1) A person of mixed racial descent.  2) A dog of many mixed breeds.
idiots : people who need to look up the definition of "idiots" in the urban dictionary
muds : Racial slur to describe a person of Black/White mix.
facebook : a stalkers dream come true
ego : The part of you that defines itself as a personality, separates itself from the outside world, and considers itself (read: you) a separate entity from the rest of nature and the cosmos. Perhaps necessary for survival in some evolutionary bygone, in modern times it leads only to (albeit often disguised) misanthropic beliefs and delusion.  In short, "I."
feminism : The belief that women are and should be treated as potential intellectual equals and social equals to men. These people can be either male or female human beings, although the ideology is commonly (and perhaps falsely) associated mainly with women.  The basic idea of Feminism revolves around the principle that just because human bodies are designed to perform certain procreative functions, biol...
penis monster : A woman (or man) who has an insatiable hunger for male genitalia. These individuals prefer to go balls deep. The mere sight of a penis is often enough to whip a Penis Monster into a nob-gobbling frenzy. Usually Penis Monsters are not sexually satisfied until they get some dirt under their fingernails. The opposite of a cock tease, a Penis Monster is a definite cock please.
wasm : Often considered a replacement of lol, WASM or wasm is an abbreviation of "Wetting And Shitting Myself".  WASM is used when one requires a quick and effective way to show amusement in a given situation.
hate crime : A term made up by governments so they can tack on extra punishemnts if you do something to someone of a different race. Killing is killing, it shouldent matter what race the murderer or the dead guy on the floor is.
hate speech : Any non-PC statement about anything, especially on campus and among the pinko crowd.  It's ok to hate ordinary American middle-class yahoos, though.  Real hate speech does exist, but usually involves some form of incitement to riot.
chinese : Commonly used by some ignorant people as a catch-all term for all Asian Americans and Asian imigrants.
chinks : a slang and sort of racist way to say chinese people
ooga : 1. Exclaimation of delight, surprise or shock. Commonly followed by "-booga" or "-licious" depending on the circumstance.  2. Sound one makes whilst sqeezing the breast of an amply endowed woman or morbidly obese man.
slanty eyes : A Person Who's Eyes Are Slanted Diagonally Across Their Face Enabling Them To Look Like A Fuckin' Retard.
race traitor : One who has turned against their race and/or ethinticity in favor of those who would persecute them. ie a self loather and/or one who is ashamed of their heritage.
bigot : One who is narrrowly or intolerantly devoted to his or her opinions and prejudices. This word is a general term that applies to everyone (racists, anti-Semites, misogynists, homophobes and xenophobes).
ignorant : adj. lacking knowledge
xenophile : n. A person who is especially interested in foreign cultures, languages, and people. This usually develops through education and research about the varied accomplishments--artistic , linguistic, political, martial, architectural--of cultures not their own. Unlike such specimens as the Wapanese or the rice queen, xenophiles are not motivated by jungle fever, yellow fever ...
indigenous : a word that only an (american) Indian can understand. things we do are "indigenous" because they are down-to-earth and natural with our culture. silence, meditating, being one with nature, listening to our surroundings.   basically having the traits that an Indian would have, but being pridefull when doing them. doing natural, native things, either out of curiousity or to represent our Native...
xenophilia : Sexual attraction to extraterrestrials.
yellow fever : 1.  A term usually applied to white males who have a clear sexual preference for women of asian descent, although it can also be used in reference to white females who prefer asian men.  2.  An infectuous tropical disease carried by mosquitoes.
jungle fever : An inter-racial relationship, namely between a white person and a black person.
nwo : NWO stands for New World Order, in which basically more or less every politician wants. A New World Order is the action that a head of country (Prime Minsiter, President etc) takes over the whole political system of the world and reduces the population of earth. 
apes : Advanced Placement Environmental Science  seems easy until you take the test...
serv : Serve or to be of service with unpronounced therefore redundant e at end ommitted
woodle : the act of woodling - to woodle something is to woodle it. CITRUS THE ORANGE LORD SAYS SO
bot : 1. Simple computer program used to perform highly repetitive operations, e.g. trawling websites to collect email addresses.  2. Computer program run concurrently with an online game to give the player an unfair advantage.  Bots may alter the game environment, boost the abilities of the player's character or hinder opponents.  Writing bots requires a great deal of skill; using them almost none.
oven magnet : A slur used against jews, or anyone of jewish faith.
bagel : A score of zero in a set of tennis. (eg: 6-0, 6-0)  Two scores of 6-0 is a double bagel
kosher : When every thing is chill
sand people : Term for arabs, generally considered a racial slur.
towel head : A derogatory term for one of Middle Eastern descent, especially a male. It comes from their custom of wearing a turban.
snow ape : red headed towely type fuck.
redneck : You would be a redneck if:  You need one more hole punched in your card to get a freebie at the House of Tattoos.  You need an estimate from your barber before you get a haircut.  The biggest fashion risk you take is which plaid you'll wear to the 4-H Fair.  You have flowers planted in a bathroom appliance in your front yard.  Your wife weighs more then your refrigerator.  You move ...
fucking niggers : An exclamation used when you first notice someone has stolen something, so you immediately blame the black person.
fucking jews : Mel Gibson's favorite catchphrase!
braveheart : Probably one of the best movies of all time. Directed and starred in by Mel Gibson, it is a loose biography of William Wallace, the man responsible for scotland uniting and gaining it's independance from england. Trademarks of the movie are William Wallace's half blue/half white face painting at the battle of stirling, and his yell of "FREEEEEEEDDDDDDDOOOOOOOOOMMMMMM" after being tortured nearl...
stfu : 1) Acronym used for the phrase "shut the fuck up" for efficiency reasons.
woman : Leading cause of life in humans.
women :   Beings not seen or touched by 98% of the men who have posted on this subject thus far.     Highly attracted to males of the species who are reasonable to look at, have jobs, are relatively kind, sometimes take out trash, and treat them like equals (not superiors, not inferiors -- equals.)  Happily give blowjobs in return.      Prefer large dicks.  Secretly laugh at guy...
lies : A word shouted in disbelief responding to a statement which can not possibly be false or which has already been agreed upon. Often used in "Invader Zim", an animated television show.
make me a sandwich : A sexist phrase that a male says to a female when he's drunk and/or hungry.
womyn : the feminist/lesbian spelling of "woman". also has political implications. not all feminists/lesbians use or even like this term, but it's been claimed as a subtle empowerment thing by both groups in general. 
misogyny : The hatred of women.
nordic : Generally speaking, anybody of Danish, Swedish, Norwegian, Finnish (arguably) and Icelandic descent, but quite a few people from other northern European countries (including Latvia, Germany and some people in the UK) would consider themselves Nordics too. Nordics are stereotyped as having blond hair and blue eyes, and this is not too far from the truth. Another typical trait is their cheekbones...
germanic : Of or pertaining to the language, traditions and culture of the people of the Germanic speaking countries of northern and western Europe. The Germanic peoples originated in what now is modern Scandinavia and northern Germany but spread throughout Europe even into the the Roman Empire of modern day Italy, France and Spain and also parts of central and eastern Europe. The Germanic people typicall...
polish : Polish, or being polish. Also, poeple with very big dicks.
ashkenazi : A Jewish Person of Eastern Euro Backround.  Potato Knishes, Potato Pancakes were invented by Ashkenazi Jews with eastern european backrounds.
penis penis penis : A comeback used to render an insulting person's opinion invalid.
penis penis : An exclaimation of extreme annoyance.  Must be said in a cheery tone, despite the feelings of malice which are often behind its use.  Has its origins in gambling circles, often used to describe feelings of hate towards another player who has laid a better card/hand.
autism : A condition characterized by obsessive interests and a lack of eye contact.Asperger Syndrome has many facets involving a difficulty in communication and inability to grasp social situations and body language. Sufferers report an interest in minor and trivial details, rather than being able to see the bigger picture. They also find 'small talk' difficult.Sufferers also get absorbed...
defective : Adjective -  Broken, Busted, Hurt... UGLY
lazare : A ray of sunshine on a cloudy day:)
jidf : Stands for Jewish Internet Defense Force. Closely related to, and possibly created by the ADL. A group whose sole purpose is to patrol cyberspace and root out and/or expose traces of anti-semitism. Don't mess with these people or you will be sorry. Jewish people are in charge of cyberspace, and print media is going down the tubes.
phantasm : phantom, spectre, ghost, illusion of fantasy.
ubermensch : Nietzsche's concept for "an over man" who overcomes the herd perspective and is capable of creating a new perspective without dogmatically forcing his perspective on others.
untermensch : "Under Man" A term used by the philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche to describe the common man. Likened to sheep, the Untermensch is a social animal spouting pacifist and liberal morality. In this way, he can rationalize his subservience to social and political mores. His existence is solely for the purpose of providing statistical "filler".
globalization : In a nutshell, the integration and exchange of ideas and goods globally. Hence the name, globalization. It benefits the middle class and especially the rich and powerful, but has hurt the poor and powerless.
anarchy : Mostly seen now adays when posers write it on there bags or hands. They never have any idea what it means, and probably have no interest in politics whatsoever.
anarchostalinist : An evolution of anarchism and stalinism. Anarchostalinists reject the dogmatism, inertia, impotence and gesturism of anarchism, and merge their anti-authoritarian and anti-statist views with a hard-line on anti-social criminals, drug pushers and the landowners. Could be seen as a 21st century urban Maoism. Rejects the automatic anti-Sovietism of liberal anarchists. Likes show-trials, tanks and ...
progressive : (noun) In favor of improvement of the human condition, specifically via technological innovation and development
ataraxia : without disturbance, equlibrium, tranqulity of the soul.     an ancient greek work defining innner balance and peace.
ataxia : My band! Mwahahaha
santorum : The sometimes frothy, usually slimy, amalgam of lubricant, stray fecal matter, and ejaculate that leaks out of the receiving partner's anus after a session of anal intercourse. Named, by popular demand and usage, after legislator Rick Santorum because of his homophobic political statements.
bagpipes :  An instrument composed of a bag and pipes. The player blows air into the bag and it comve out of the pipes. Notes are changed by covering the holes of a pipe that is under the bag.  The bagpipe is the traditional instrument of the Edinburgh crips in Scotland which are part of the G-crips organization. The Edinburgh crips usually have a bagpiper present at their ceremonies and one u...
lol : The name 'Lol' is an abreviated form of the name 'Laurence'.
gyros : Pronounced- Jairos   is a sandwich of lamb meat which starts many argunments over pronounciation.  Retards refer this word as Yeros...Yes are retards The educated refer to this word as Jairos
greece : The birthplace of the western world.
turkey : A country that's incredibly fun to be in because it's not quite European, but not quite Asian either.
pedosexual : A non-existent word invented by pedophile activists as part of their ongoing effort to legitimize and legalize the sexual exploitation of children.  See pedophile.
pedophile : A person who suffers from Pedophilia; that is, an adult who is sexually attracted to children.  Pedophilia is a mental disorder, not a sexual orientation or lifestyle choice.  Specifically, it is a Paraphilia.  The Paraphilias are characterized by recurrent, intense, sexual urges, fantasies, or behaviors that involve unusual objects, activities, or situations. Other examples of Paraphilias ar...
circumcision : To remove a male's foreskin.
goat fucker : Process with which involves inserting ones penis into that of a goat.or.. the process of which guys stick their penis's's's into a ugly gurls fagina.
pig fucker : An annoying person
muh : Exclamation denoting deep and profound condition of being underwhelmed.
bronies : The male, older fans of my little pony: friendship is magic.
europe : Europe - The world's greatest masterminds and the world's biggest criminals happen to born there. Europe is also the home of the most ancients and finest civilizations. Democracy was invented there almost 2000 years before white settlers set their feets on american ground.  Citizens of the EU are thinking of their union as an economical and political superpower. Indeed, they could be a super...
basement dweller : A male over the age of eightteen, usually with no formal education, who continues to live at home with his parent(s) and has no ambition to move out or contribute to society. His will to live is sucked by his daily marijuana regiment. He can be found working second shift at your local gas station. Lives in a perpetual state of "Getting his shit together."
wiki : 1. A collaborative Web site comprised of the perpetual collective work of many authors. Similar to a blog in structure and logic, a wiki allows anyone to edit, delete or modify content that has been placed on the Web site using a browser interface, including the work of previous authors. In contrast, a blog, typically authored by an individual, does not allow visitors to change the original pos...
an hero : To commit suicide, regardless of how stupid the reason is or is not.
u mad bro : Three words often used on the massive multiplayer game called "RuneScape". A term used by many players also known as "Trolls" when they have nothing else better to say back to someone.
jew magnet : A Person, Place, or Event that attracts a Jewish Person or Audience.  Someone or Something that is popular with jewish people.
problem : George W. Bush
squatter : In public toilets one who sits all day on a commode waiting for a penis to come at him through a glory hole.
tbh : to be honest
homogay : The step beyond gay. A man that has taken time to go out of his way to make sure u know he's gay. This term doen't apply to women because lesbians rule... sept if they're butch and goss
imho : In my humble opinion
le : A common preposition that can be placed before any English word to make it French.
xmas : An abbreviation for Christmas, from the Greek spelling of Christ, the first letter of which was chi ("X").
miscegenation : What happens when White women are made available to asian, hispanic, middle-eastern, or black societies.
serbia : A loyal and brave country that is widely misunderstood as a bad guy for some strange reason. Not perfect, but certainly not evil. They have a rich culture and a very unique language, as well as very intellectual people (however, out of all those smart ones, it's usually the dumb ones that are placed in positions of power). Serbia consists of many people who's pride matters most, and they seldom...
oy vey : Yiddish: short for "Oy vey iz mir," Oh, woe is me!
shekel : Israeli Currency.  as of July 2005, worth about 1:4.5 of a US dollar.
reddit : A user generated web 2.0 news website with a lefty, libertarian and geek slant.  Tends to be slightly more upmarket than its larger competitor digg.  The comment system at reddit actually works unlike the broken system over on digg.  This results in (usually) more intelligent conversations.  One issue with Reddit is that a number of users have installed bots which automatically down vote...
mmorpg : A treadmill that makes you fatter.
tor : The correct spelling of the Nordic god of thunder. Spelled Thor in unenlightened parts of the world.
frostback : a canadian
snownigger : A snowman made with dirty snow. (the dirty snow makes the snowman black) 
black dick : Used in place of 'shit' due to its resemblance to a nasty ass piece of shit.
bbc : Big Black Cock. Usually found on African-American males. Also found inside slutty white girls.
dildo : City in Newfoundland, Canada
danny : an amazing guy. a danny can be defined by 5 words; funny, cute, unique, impressive, & huggable. danny's are people you can't help but love. & who could turn down a danny?
oxycodone : A synthetic opiate. It is sold under brand names such as Oxycontin and Percocets as well as Roxicodone. It's effects are similar to heroin. For a no-tolerance person a dosage of 10-20mg is good.   If they are oxycontin just remove the time release coating (by sucking on them and peeling it off) and crush them up and rail them or parachute them. Dont snort percocets as they have tylenol in the...
bonny : Like pretty - Pleasing to the eye. Used in parts of the United Kingdom, Scotland, the North East of England and possibly other areas too. (Not sure about outside the UK.)
thirsty thursday : A term normally found on college campuses, the title became popular when many people did not have early morning classes on Fridays, allowing them to drink and party on Thursday night. Every Thursday of every week durring the semester is Thirsty Thursday; there is no specific or special date for it.
hump day : The middle of a work week (Wednesday); used in the context of climbing a proverbial hill to get through a tough week.
chauvinist : Believing that the group one belongs to, be it of sex, creed, or color, is automatically superior to another's.
wikipedia : Savior of high school students everywhere
jimmy wales : One who knows all. A know it all.
anti-semitism : The discrimination and degrading treatment towards the Jewish people.
gentile : 1. Jewish term for someone who is not a Jew 2. Mormon term for someone who is not a Mormon. 
paedo : Short for 'paedophile'. One who molests young children.
chema : Someone who get's owned by a cute fat kid named Italo
italo : In short Italo is sexy, funny, and can make anyone smile just by meowing.
runescape : this game reminds me of people playing snkae on cell phones.  once youve played it and you get bored later, its the first thing you think of doing.  you know its a waste of time but you cant stop.  i advise you to NEVER play this unless you want it to consume your soul... i wish i hadnt gotten into it...
ban : Acronym. Bitch Ass Nigga.
admin : Short for administrator. Someone who performs administrative duties on a network, server, forum, etc  Admins are known to use their powers for acts considered unsuitable after they gain them. Similar to a dictator. Admins often give administrative privlidges to their friends who are also morons and will also abuse the power.  This has created the situation we now have where there was once ...
sysop : System Operator -  Someone who runs and administers a computer system.
anontalk : A sad pedophile nerd message board. It tries to be a 4chan ripoff but is way too slow. The admin is a real douche and requires asinine things like proper capitalization and correct spelling when posting about molesting little girls and boys.
alaskan firedragon : So the Urbandictionary definition made you curious too?
alaskan fire dragon : a sexual act in which a woman gives a man a blow job, as he ejaculates he shuts the womans mouth and whispers into her hear "I have syphilis", because of her astonishment, the cum comes out of her nose - - it looks like a dragon.
sex : What kind of moron are you that you look up sex in the urban dictionary?
xkcd : 1. Saving a few seconds at a long red light via elaborate and questionably legal maneuvers. 2. Having someone call your cell phone to figure out where it is. 3. Calling the Ackermann Function with Graham's Number as the argument just to horrify mathematicians. 4. Instinctively constructing rules for which floor tiles it's okay to step on and then walking funny ever after
comic strip : a striptease gone horribly wrong.
penis size : the length and/or width of a males reproductive organ (penis). The average for a 19 year old is apporximately 6.2".
emoticon : An emoticon, sometimes called a smiley, is a sequence of printable characters such as :) or ^_^, that is intended to represent a human facial expression and convey an emotion. Use in internet forums and instant-messaging.
l3 : In the world of Escorts and Spa/Studio, L3 (or Level 3) is full penis/vaginal sex. (See L1 and L2)
l2 : A common prefix to verbs meaning "learn to.."  often followed by some form of noob.
l1 : In the world of Escorts and Spa/Studios, L1 is shorthand for "Level 1" - or a hand job.  (see L2, L3)
level 2 : An orgasim you recieve from an object. 
pancakes : Female breasts pressed against glass.
fadem : A very sexy individual.
purple drank : codeine/promethazine cough syrup mixed in with some sprite. serve it up in a white styrafoam cup with some ice and your good to go. you can mix it up with all kinds of sodas or just sip the ish. there is NO alcohol in it and its NOT robitussin. It's thick and purple and comes only by prescription or by your local weedman. not to be sipped by suckas!!!!!
lold : Past tense of lol. Like "lol-ed"
rabbi : 1) A trusted teacher/advisor/leader of a Jewish community. Most often, they are true intellects that do have good advice and insightful philosophies of the world.  2) The Arabic word for the season of Spring. Actually pronounced rabb-ee with a glottal stop at the end.
mullah : term used to taunt the religious right in America, mainly because American mullahs (or Midwest mullahs) are so fanatically anti-Muslim but express similar social beliefs.
maria : The most sexy girl you will ever meet, known to blow the minds of many men. Extremely talented and beautiful, eyes cut from stars.
fagit : An incorrect spelling of the word "faggot" that is often used by illiterate bastards like yourself who came in search of this non-existent word.
faget : 1. This hideously misspelled derivation of 'faggot' is primarily used by uneducated rednecks who fail to see the irony of calling someone a derogatory name but having no idea how to say the word.   2. Used by closet homosexuals in an attempt to smooth out the word 'faggot' and give it a softer french/italian/spanish sound, with a rolled G similar to the J in french, and a silent T.
fagget : A misspelling of faggot, popularized by the lack of spell-checking in chatrooms.
fagot : The incorrect spelling of faggot.
fagat : A realy wimpy gay. fudge packer
u : Shorthand for the word "you."  Commonly used on the internet by those of low intellect, or those who are much to lazy to type a three letter word.
degenerate : none of the definitions so far were correct. A degenerate is a person who has declined, as in morals or character, from a type or standard considered normal. 
cold : Heartless,  Having no emotions, 
water : The 4th element required to summon Captain Planet
coaster : 1) A unusable Compact Disc which failed during a "burn" process, its only use is now a COASTER  2) A witty and highly attractive person
absorb : To drain, and possibly soak, power or substance from a person, or liquid.
churchill : A term for a designer, entrprenuer, and budding rap star mogul. A fan of such celebrity icons as 50, Kobe, ke$ha, Rihanna, Lil Wayne, and Tiger's putter. Churchills have many hobbies: sailing without people named Zach, building $9 Kroger salads, drinking Miller Lite, fighting at CJ's, sleeping at Macys, getting high, and yelling such terms as: "Kobe!", "Guchhi!", and "boobies!". A good guy over...
roosevelt : One of the few ghettos that got hit hard in Long Island,New York. Mostly inhabited by African Americans and Hispanics. One of the few towns on Long Island that can be considered "Hoods".I have walked through this neighborhood...I don't like to illustrate my own imagination with someone elses...the neighborhood is mostly houses,some public housing can be found on the west side of the neighborhoo...
santa monica : Hip artistic enclave, more moneyed than poor now where poverty, commercialism and materialism meet to shock L.A
los angeles : A massive tangle of highways and roads, also rumoured to contain people and houses.
chink : A racist term used to describe the Chinese.
slope : Vietnam-era charlie.  Any asian resembeling one of the 'reds'.
white : 1. The color white.  Contrary to popular belief the word "white" is not a racial comment or slur.
blac : a group of females in California that are at an extremely high level of cool.  these females tend to do strange things such as sleeping in tents in backyards, sleeping in trailers in driveways, and sitting on roofs. 
african american : What white people say when they afraid to say black especially when a black person is in the room. But you KNOW when that black person leaves the room, they say that shit w/ some other words too.  
european american : A term for whites that is what "African-American" is to blacks. The term "European-American" will never be applied to whites due to double standards in racial equality in the United States.
kiryas joel : A purely Hasidic Jew community in Orange County, New York.  Given that the women have prolific amounts of children and don't work after giving birth to their second child the town is among the poorest in the United States.
jew gold : Gold that every jew has. They have 2 bags; one is fake and the other is real. The real one is hung around the jews neck.
jew hat : Stupid little hat
holodomor : a large genocide in Ukraine (1932-1933) caused as a result of the Soviet Union laws under Joseph Stalin, who became the Communist dictator of the Soviet Union (ruled 1927-1953).
bolshevik : The Marxist party that came into power in Russia via a revolution in 1917. Ruled russia until 1991 when the USSR was disbanded and formed the CIS nations. The Bolsheviks wore red as a symbol for extreme leftism, and hence, everything they did was called a red action
menshevik : The opposing party after the Russian Revolution who battled for control against the Communists, or Bolsheviks. The Mensheviks, or "whites", still believed in a Socialist government, which severely taxes the rich and hardly taxes the poor, so the money can be redistributed among its citizens.   The Bolsheviks, or "Reds", however, believed that any type of Capitalistic activity should be eradic...
carthage : a city in present-day Tunisia, but in ancient Roman times it was home to the Carthaginians.  The carthage empire extended into spain, much of north africa, corsica, sardina, and sicily.  Fought against the Romans in the 3 Punic wars in which they lost in all.  The great Hannibal was also a general for the Carthaginians.
media : Apparently the reason for 99% of America's problems
romney : (verb) to defecate in terror  This colloquialism originates in the infamous and widely publicized 1983 incident where Mitt Romney strapped his Irish setter, Seamus, to the roof of his car whilst driving to Canada, causing the terrified dog to defecate.
mossad : Formally known as ha-Mossad le-Modiin ule-Tafkidim Meyuhadim (The Institute for Intelligence and Special Tasks) or simply known as Mossad (The Institute). Arguably the best intelligence agency in the world. Good relationship with the CIA. Scares the living shit out of every living arab. Is known to have people everywhere in the world.
mormon : 97% of the people in Utah.  .003% of the people anywhere else.  These really really nice, clean-living people who believe some pretty weird stuff.
anders breivik : A fucking scumbag who shot and blew up 77 people on an island in Norway Thinks Europe is being 'invaded' by Muslims.  R.I.P to those who died
ralda : One of the worlds most rarest and precious species ever. Widely known as the art freak but also known to be adventurous.
greed : the root of all evil.
national socialist : Many political parties in various contexts have referred to themselves as National Socialist parties. Because there is no clear definition of national socialism, the term has been used to mean very different things. Since the rise of German Nazism, which called itself "National Socialism", the term has been used in Europe and North America almost exclusively by political parties with racial nat...
auschwitz : A german death camp, Used in WWII for killing and torturing jews, many jews died in gas cahmbers and other methods
propaganda : When a government says one thing to intentionally get the public to believe something that is mostly lies.
totalitarianism : Domination by a government of all political, social, and economic activities in a nation. Totalitarianism is a phenomenon of the twentieth century: earlier forms of despotism and autocracy lacked the technical capacity to control every aspect of life. The term is applied both to fascist governments (see fascism) and to many forms of communism.
judaism : the first monotheistic religion, basis of two of today's other major religions (Christianity and Islam). The Jewish holy book is the Torah, which is the basis for the Christian Old Testament. Judaism, except in its orthodox form, is probably the most accepting and loosest of the major religions of the Western Hemisphere. Sadly, its followers have been persecuted and ridiculed throughout the age...
hate machine : The hate machine is a term for your Company's internet blocker that won't allow you access to sites you want to visit.  
joos : Joos is another word for semen. It usually results in accidentaly release.
juice : Respect and credability on the street.  AKA. Sauce
gas chamber : When you fart in an elevator and walk out just as someone enters and the doors close before they have any chance of escape.  Much like the dutch oven, it will render your victim helpless and paralyzed.
dutch oven : The act of trapping a person under bed covers after releasing vile ass fumes
lmao : Laughing My Ass Off. Used online only.
wat : The only proper response to something that makes absolutely no sense.
fried chicken : a food that black people love.If your black your mom probaly cooks it every sunday.
orange soda : THE NECTOR OF THE GODS!  Also Kel's favorite beverage ("The Kenan and Kel show")
your : The possessive form of you. Not to be confused with "you're", which is a contraction of you and are, meaning "you are."
your're : it is the correct word for 'you are'  despite what Daniah seems to think.  It can also be found on Navopedia
period : 1. A period of pure agony for a female, lasting way too long. Signs of this state include screaming at anything that moves, rolling around on the couch in pain, and spending hours with cold water and stain remover. 2. A useful thing that ends a scentence, that does not exist for most l337 people.
men : Things With Penises who tell women anything just to get intercorse
anonops : A network that is down always, no exceptions.
aspergers : Aspergers Syndrome is a disorder similiar to Autism. Persons with AS show marked deficiencies in social skills, have difficulties with transitions or changes and prefer sameness. They often have obsessive routines and may be preoccupied with a particular subject of interest. They have a great deal of difficulty reading nonverbal cues (body language) and very often the individual with AS has dif...
assburger : A person who exhibits the symptoms of Asperger's Syndrome. Given the personality traits that characterize an "aspie", this term was probably coined by aspies/assburgers themselves.
delicious : Food that taste very, very, good.
american food : Simplified and modified cuisines copied from all over the world. Mostly hearty and greasy food, they are pan-fried, deep fried or baked. Seldomly steamed, and do not include other body parts from any animal besides their meats. Since fast food restaurants are so abundant in America, one could argue that American food actually implies fast food. 
canned cheese : Super deliciousness in a can. Take the cap off, push the nozzle, CHEESE COMES OUT LIKE MAGIC!!!!!!!!! How can that not be entertaining? Then afterwards spread it on some crackers!!! YUMMMM
loli : 1) short for lolicon 2) hentai that contains underage females in sexual situations. 3) an underage child, often depicted in sexual poses in hentai movies/images.
dongs : A word one must say when the word "wangs" is uttered.
skinhead : A movement started in Britain in the 60s when the mod scene met the hippy scene. The mod scene split, and the "hard mods", the ones who hated hippies, got harder. With a little influence from Jamacian rudeboys, the skinhead was born out of the hard mod. Most of the music was held over from the mod days, but there were ska and reggae imported from the rude boys.  In the 70s, many punk-rockers ...
niggertits : 4chan
anal : What to avoid in prison.
magnets : May be used as a proof that there are miracles everywhere.
anal virginity : the state of not having been penetrated up the ass
analyzing : Adding the word "anal" to the beginning of any car model.
missionary position : male-female sex position: the woman lies on her back with her legs apart and the man lowers himself on top of her, supporting his weight with his elbows, and enters her with his legs either inside or outside hers (usually inside). He may lower himself onto her and rest more of his weight on her body. The woman can wrap her legs around him to control the depth and speed of his thrusting into her...
niggerlover : A white women who has sex wiith as many black men as possible 
strangers hand : You sit on your hand until it becomes numb. Then you jack off and it feels like it is someone elses hand doing the work.
frank : honest, blunt
3d porn : Porn that is filmed in 3D and viewed with a pair of glasses with one lense red and the other blue that makes it look like you are seeing it in 3D and the actors are really right in front of you fucking ect.
columbus : A beautiful metropolis on a river valley in the center of Ohio. Its becoming a major technilogical, cultural, and educational center for the nation. Awesome skyline, nightlife, and overall place to live.
amerifat : Someone who is fat by American standards, which is considered intensely obese in any other culture. Otherwise known as "American fat", or "Godzilla-esque".
oh shit : an exclaimation to be said with a very loud voice when you realize you have forgotten to do something very important such as:  1) Your Venn English Homework 2) You left your keys locked inside your car 3) You just trip and scrape both of your knees.
aww shit : Used when one is about to have somehting bad happen to them, or has found out something very bad.
poofter : another word for a homosexual
nigger rig : To fix something in a very cheap way, using whatever materials are handy.
3dpd : Means 3D pig disgusting.  Usually used by people who only like 2D.
oniichan : the Japanese word for "older brother" (younger brother is itouto).
titas : the spanglish combination of titties and tetas.  used when crossing over languages.
cojack : A person who has all the right moves on the basketball court. Similar to a baller.  
pasta : One of the most good, healthy, handy, inexpansive food ever.
jenkem : Fermented mixture of ripened sewage used primarily in Africa and third-world Near Asian countries as a glue-high substitute.  
copyright : Something that doesnt exist in China.
ahmg : A cuter way of saying OMG.
ahmfg : Just like AHMG, which's a cuter way of saying OMG, but more like OMFG. Yup.
 : Its a fucking musical note!
whiskey dick : when you've had too much to drink and have a girl back home and cant get it up to perform the deed
yiff : 1) (noun) Sound supposedly made by mating arctic foxes. 2) (acronym) (or more backronym) YIFF or Y. I. F. F. - "Young Incredibly Fuckable Furry" 3) (proper name) YIFF sound server. Program for Linux to help handle audio. 4) (noun) More or less (usually more) sexual act. Commonly used by furries, usually denotes standard intercourse but may denote any kind of sexu...
paultard : People who feel compelled to relentlessly 'inform' the entire world about how Ron Paul is going to save America from the ravages of DC.
queef : an expulsion of wind from the vulva during coitus; a vaginal fart.
asscrown : A king of asshats, usually refering to someone that goes beyond the extreme in terms of asshattery / the most douchebag person you know.
shitlord : A medallion constructed from Perling beads (known as "shit") arranged on a plastic pegboard (known as a "lord") and fused together with an iron (known as a "wizard wand"). Shitlords are believed by many practitioners of the dark arts to have many magickal properties, and are known to be very helpful to young sorcerers looking to enrich their mana pools. Often used to channel mystical ene...
your mother : literally "Your mother". A derivation of yo mamma, used as a joke insult for any occasion. It doesn't have to make any sense at all and can be part of a phrase. Often used in a sexual context.
yo mama : 2.  The principle part of a "Yo Mama" joke, usually entailing a description of  your mother being so "something" that "something" occurred as a result.
yo mamma : a very harsh insult/come-back
sick fuck : The people who made AOL
yiff in hell : The term used to insult furfags. This insult will usually send the targeted furfag into a frenzy during which he (there are no women in the furry fandom) will go batshit insane and usually call you a redneck or a nazi.
pleb : 2)one who has had their brain replaced with a mall cucumber whilst visiting the doctor fora routine check up  also used as the verb  plebbed, or to pleb
yiffer : Noun: Someone who likes to yiff; to yiff frequently
steak and blowjob day : The idea is simple: no cards, flowers, candy or other whimsical gifts.  Ladies (and gay men), you simply bestow your partner with a steak and a blowjob.  Not necessarily in that order.
steak n shake : The act of having sex with an epileptic person under a strobe light.
castor : A gay kid in our fraternity that tells a lot of lies
skeet : "Skeet" is actually a form of birth control practiced by the African-American tribes of North America near the beginning of the 21st Centruy.  Visionaries of the time (such as Lil Jon and Nelly) recognized the inevitable and everpresent danger of overpopulation in their land and decided to take action.  They discovered an ancient form of birth control used by their ancestors that involved "pull...
stee : Alternate term for style
horse : Heroin.
idgaf : -Indifference  Used when you don't care about something, or have no opinion on a matter.  Sometimes used without the 'i', ie "I dgaf about her".
fart on my boner : An incident that occurs which causes feelings of disappointment.
weeaboo : Someone who is obsessed with Japan/Japanese Culture/Anime, etc. and attempts to act as if they were Japanese, even though they're far from it. They use Japanese words but usually end up pronouncing them wrong and sounding like total assholes. You can find alot of these faggots clogging up the forums of Gaia Online, hanging out in the international aisle of the supermarket, or crowding the manga...
frosted turd : When you have anal sex with a partner, and then you ejaculate in their poopchute. Then, when they poop, it is what they call a frosted turd.
milk : The most tasty shit EVER.
furry : Some would argue that to be a furry, you must think and talk like one (i.e. use furry specific words and phrases). Even if you go to conventions, wear a fursuit, draw the art, writes the stories etc but don't talk usi...
bb : Netspeak for baby, most likely used at the end a phrase as an added emphasis or exaggeration.
doppelganger : Someone that looks the exact same as another person. yet not a twin. ghost identical to living person: an apparition in the form of a double of a living person
wisp : Someone stealthy and sneaky. Unnoticable. Like a wisp of smoke, if someone is known as a "wisp" they usually have the skills of a master-ninja.
recursive : recursive
recursion : See recursion.
lbfm : jocular abbr. for little brown fucking machine, apparently coined to refer to Vietnamese and other Asian female prostitutes during the Vietnam War, but now reserved almost exclusively for compliant Filipinas and Indonesians, whether professional or not.  Frequently used in Hong Kong, but never for male sexual partners.
missle : A Sexual position where in a man thrusts his erect member into a woman's inner labia while incerting a similarily sized vibrator into her ass hole without her knowing it's coming causing her to thrust her hips forward, open her mouth to the air, and yell out a loud piercing sound, much like that of a falling missle.
su : nickname for syracuse university
unix : UNIX rose from the ashes of a multi-organizational effort in the early 1960s to develop a dependable timesharing operating system.  After three decades of use, the UNIX* computer operating system is still regarded as one of the most powerful, versatile, and flexible operating system in the computer world. Its popularity is due to many factors, including its ability to run a wide variety of mach...
kun : A Japanese suffix added to a name (preferably to a male's name). It is used for friends, and possibly the men that you fancy.
chan : 1. the person is a small child, ie, younger sibling or friends sibling 2. the person is cute, usually younger, usually a girl 3. can be used on pet cats, dogs, etc.. -chan is mostly used by those in the anime community in america. chan is not often used unless you are familiar with that person...
yandere : Contrary to the popular belief that it is the opposite of tsundere, it describes an anime character who is either psychotic or violent or both, and shows affection to the main character.  Became a popular moe genre after the airing of the last episode of School Days.  Other yandere characters include Ryuuguu Rena from Higurashi No Naku Koro Ni se...
porn : the reason you need a new hard drive.
busta : Poser--wanna be--one who fronts.
kline : To be disallowed to connect to an IRC server. The network-wide ban is known as a gline, and requires three opers to vote for the gline before it takes effect.
fob : Twinkie - Besides your nationality, there is little to distinguish you from white people - Your significant other is not Asian and never has been - You have few Asian friends, if any - You are embarrassed at family e...
pipehitter : Every place has men or women that are considered the biggest and badest among their group of peers. Usually the kingpin of a gang, cartel or a hottie with some big breast
fish wallet : Slang for a vagina, or of you like, a pussy
ham wallet : Nickname for a youthful, well kept vagina. See Also: Bearded Clam, Lincoln Tunnel, Vagina.
swish mitten : a term for a vagina that is soaked in vodka.
lap rocket : another word for a penis, weiner, boner, etc.
wizard : A term used to denote marijuana. Best used whilst in front of authority figures, or when making a simple jest to a friend. Due to the obvious magic inducing powers of marijuana, those who partake of it become witches and warlocks themselves.
420 : So far the majority of you are incorrect.  420's origin IS known. the term 420 originated at San Rafael High School, in 1971, among a group of about a dozen pot-smoking wiseacres who called themselves the Waldos, who are now pushing 50. The term was shorthand for the time of day the group would meet, at the campus statue of Louis Pasteur, to smoke pot. Intent on developing their own discreet ...
breeder : 1: slang term used by some childfree people for one who has a child and/or has many after that, refuses to discipline the child/ren, thinks the sun rises and sets for their child/ren, look down upon people who do not have children, and are in general very selfish and greedy when it comes to their whims and those of their child/ren, especially if they can use their parenthood status or their chi...
futanari : Someone(Usually in a doujinshi, but occasionally in normal fanfics or hentai), who appears to be female, but for some reason has male genatalia.  Used by people who can't draw/write yuri
pegging : anal sex reveresed. instead of the man sticking his penis up the womans butt, the woman wears a strap-on and sticks it up the mans butt.
minge : The minge is not the actual vagina, but the hair surrounding the area.  On the labia majora and the pubic mound.  Loose, shaggy hair that is not neatly trimmed, and may be a little fragranced with 'girl perfume'.
metrosexual : A new name for something quite old. Men with taste &amp; style who know about fashion, art, and culture have always existed. In past centuries, these kinds of men were in the uppercrust of society (more leisure time). Technology has enabled men with more leisure time, so less wealthy males can now fuss over their looks and aesthetics almost as much as women. An American Metrosexual is like your ave...
trains : Where a usually slutty girl, often drunk, gives it up to a somewhat large number of guys, one after another after another. Metaphorically speaking, the girl is like a urinal, just instead of urine, the guys using her are relieving themselves a little differently.
train : A group of guys stand in a line outside a room.  One by one, they enter the room to have sex with one girl inside.  The line must have at least 7 guys to be qualified as a train.
rhombus : The kind of rectangle a bitch would draw.
eutectic : 2. Also, the mascot for St. Louis College of Pharmacy
ymcmb : The combination of Young Money Entertainment and Cash Money Records.
cbf : For instance.. "I cbf going to the movies" would be "can't be fucked" and.. "I cbf getting up for work yesterday." would be "couldn't be fucked" where as.. "I'll go when I cbf" would be "can be fucked"
dfc : Typically associated with an Australian railfan or Railpager (See Gunzel). Abbreviation for Dribbly Foamer Cunt.
ufc : Ultimate Fighting Championship
unf : Universal Noise of Fucking. See above definition for onomatopoeic use as a sound itself.
drills : When somebody goes on and on being really boring.
squaids : Shorthand notation of "squirrel AIDS". Some serious shit! =3
gar : Originated in 4chan's /a/ board. A poster was describing his feelings towards the Fate/Stay Night character Archer, and mistyped "gay" as "gar".
dudebro : A male, ages 18-24, generally of the Caucasian descent, who refers to their acquaintances as "Dude" and/or "Bro" in the same sentence. In this case, the male uses both terms in one sentence. The conversation begins with "Dude" and ends with "Bro", 9 times out of 10.
telephobia : when someone has the fear of talking on the phone.
kam : 2.Perfect for the opposite sex.
omegle : A website (omegle.com) that is an anonymous one on one chat, pretty much a feeding ground for pedos.
flat white : Flat white is commonly used among sexually active teenagers, it means 'cum in the eye' where a male ejaculates into a partners eye.
molly : Pure form of MDMA (ecstasy), usually a free powder or in capsules. Oftentimes MDA is sold as molly. Should be white in color (when it's pure) but is more often beige or yellow-brown, and sometimes brown or rarely gray.
gooms : mushrooms e.i. shrooms
retroll : Deliberately restarting an argument in a manner which attacks others on a forum, in a chat or in real life without acknowledging to the arguments proposed by peers.
blue danube : When your penis goes blue from wanking it too hard. Excessively choking the chicken all day, until the head of your cock goes blue, or even purple.
nightcore : Nightcore is characterized by a sped-up melody (sometimes), fast rhythmic beat (usually), and ALWAYS higher than normal pitch...
hummer : More than a blowjob; it's when a girl actually hums (thus vibrating her lips) when her mouth has encased your engorged penis or balls.
loner : Someone that likes being alone, and is happy with what they are. Often called freaks because the general population is too thinkheaded to understand the phrase "leave me the fuck alone"
trollee : the person at the receiving end of trolls, usually popular bloggers
dictionary : Fucking kidding me? lol You must be bored as hell.
metallica : An American heavy metal band whose "Nothing else matters" is banned along with "Stairway to Heaven" in most guitar stores.
c418 : C418, real name Daniel Rosenfeld, is best known for composing the soundtrack for the indie game Minecraft. Born in Germany, his real age is unknown, but according to his YouTube channel, he is 25 years old. He has also released an album of Minecraft's official soundtrack, known as Volume Alpha. As well as being the author of Minecraft's soundtrack, he also has...
banana : Its a fucking fruit for god sake. Who the fuck DOESN'T know what a banana is?! FUCK! A STARVING KID IN AFRICA KNOWS WHAT A BANANA IS! HE FUCKING FANTASIZES ABOUT ONE EVERY DAY!
st louis : 2. A city made up of urbanites, gays, and young professionals. A great city to live offering a low cost of living, up and coming public transit, lively night life, and some of the best educational ins...
feels : Expression of agreement, sympathy, acknowledgment and a sign that you approve or comprehend a given action, thought, or situation. Essentially, this is the shortened expression of: "I feel that."
brother from another mother : A term used to describe a good friend that  you have known almost your whole life. The word "brother" is used because the friend is extremely close to you to the point that he is almost like your brother--but from a different mother. And that rhymes. And you know that rhymes. Admit it!
shite : a very british and therefore great way of saying shit. shite sounds much more effective than shit
freek-a-shit : when ur having sex and ur partner asks u to take a shit on his or her face.
flowery shit : when you take a nasty smelling shit, use flower scent air freshener to cover it up, then walk in the bathroom 10 minutes later and you get the nice smell of flowers and shit
ya n shit : A slang term meaning that you are currently under the influence of marijuana. Also used as an adv. Usually drawn out in the pronounciation.
shit heel : Slang for an idiot, a despicable person.
fornicate : Upper class fuckery, or more especially, a word designed to roll off the tongues of royalty....
fornication : consensual sexual intercourse between two persons not married to each other
shifting : A culchee (Irish countryside resident i.e. anywhere outside Dublin in the 26 counties of the republic)term for Snogging.
fugly : shorter word for "fucking ugly"
omds : oh my days another way of sayin oh my god or oh my gosh
alwp : When the LOL just doesn't quite convey what happened.
hoopty : A hoopty can be anything from a '78 Cadillac Brogham with the...
gfur : noun (gee-fer) an art or writing style that incorporates the homosexual group of the furry fandom. this may include but is not limited to yiffing, bondage, or cuddling of the same sex.
